\hypertarget{gholas}{%
\chapter{Gholas}\label{gholas}}

The Guild navigators, gifted with limited prescience, had made the fatal
decision: they'd chosen always the clear, safe course that leads ever
downward into stagnation.\\
\qsource{Frank Herbert,~\emph{Dune}}

\mybreak

``\emph{Innervate. Innervate}.''

Lawrence Bradwian and Annabeth Dankgesang slumped onto the chairs that
had been set behind them, their rigid bodies relaxing. ``Just relax a
moment, children,'' Harry said, from where he sat at the meeting table.
``You're in the Tower, but you're fine. You were just stunned.''

He glanced up at them, then returned his gaze to the book open before
him. He turned a page, slowly, and his unoccupied fingers fiddled with
the end of his ponytail, where it lay over his shoulder to curl under
his chin. Auror Kwannon stood behind and to one side of the pair of
students, watching them as she put away her wand.

``Feeling all right, Mr.~Bradwian?'' The boy nodded. He was an athletic
boy, with striking features\ldots{} perhaps Middle Eastern descent?
Close-cut black hair clung in curls to his head, and his eyes were a
mellow brown. Harry thought he remembered the boy's mother was from the
Sawad.

``And you, Miss\ldots?'' Harry said, looking to the other student. She
was a small girl, with black skin and tightly-twisted, short dreadlocks.
She seemed very calm.

She cleared her throat, but spoke clearly, ``Annabeth Dankesang.''

``Well then, Mr.~Bradwian\ldots{} Ms.~Dankesang\ldots. I am Dean of the
Science Program here at Hogwarts, Harry Potter-Evans-Verres. I don't
believe we've had occasion to meet,'' said Harry, glancing back down at
his book. He could hear the breath catch in Lawrence's throat at the
introduction. Harry looked up again. ``You brought your classmate
here\ldots{} Samuel Meroveni-Bowles.''

Lawrence nodded, collecting himself, and he looked concerned, pursing
his lips and raising his eyebrows. ``Yes, sir. He fell after Div and P,
and\ldots{} it was bad, sir. I didn't think we could\ldots{} well,
Madame Pomfrey is wonderful, but like the song says, `when in doubt,
stick it out.'\,'' The boy was quoting a promotional jingle the Tower
had used a few years ago. ``Is Sammy all right?''

``Oh, yes,'' said Harry. He watched the two children closely as he
turned another page of his book, adding, ``In fact, he's already back in
his own bed in Ravenclaw Tower.''

He could see the small muscles in the boy's cheeks flex as his jaw
tightened. Annabeth did better, but her eyes opened wide despite her
best efforts.

``You might be wondering why I wanted to speak to you, Lawrence and
Annabeth. The reason is actually a bit embarrassing\ldots{} it's been
brought to my attention over the past hour that you did me quite a good
turn last year, and I never thanked you. I would have done so if I'd
known, of course,'' Harry said. He turned his head so that his ponytail
would slip off his shoulder, out of sight behind him. ``I had a
question, first, though.''

``Of course, sir,'' said Annabeth.

``Well, then\ldots{} I suppose I'll start off by saying that I don't
believe in cruelty, so we'll just out with it now: you're pinched.
Caught. Discovered. I have had people toy with me too often when they
had some small measure of power over me, often in the form of
information I needed, and so I don't have much liking for it. So it's
best you know straightaway. I'll give you a moment to think about that
and decide if you believe me.'' Harry looked back down at the book and
read the page before him as the seconds passed, stretching
uncomfortably. After a minute, he finally looked up again. The two
students were sitting still, hands folded in their laps. Lawrence looked
like was trying to swallow with a dry mouth.

``I must confess that you will feel quite stupid, very shortly. I'm
sorry about that,'' said Harry. ``But before we get there, my question:
why in Merlin's name did you think it would be okay to badly injure --
very nearly kill -- your classmate, just to get what you want?'' He
paused, and clucked his tongue thoughtfully. ``Or maybe: why did you
think~\emph{I}~would think that was okay? Surely you at
least~\emph{considered}~your plan might go wrong? Didn't you stop to
think of the possible consequences?''

``I'm not sure what you mean, sir,'' said Lawrence. His voice warbled on
the second word, and he looked worried.

\emph{Wise not to try to appear calm, little Larry, nor indignant. But
an innocent student would just be}~confused. \emph{Maybe it's because
people worry so much about being caught for the things we've really done
that we tend to be completely baffled by false accusation.}

``Auror Kwannon, how many people are stepped-down in the clinic right
now, in hold?'' Harry said, turning to her and leaning to rest his chin
on one hand.

Kwannon reached into her pocket and pulled out a small brown abacus,
identical to the one on the table. She consulted it for a moment.
``Four, sir. Not too many in Receiving or being treated, either. Slow
day.''

Harry turned and looked steadily at the students once more. Annabeth's
mouth had opened slightly and Lawrence looked nauseous, as if he'd been
kicked in the stomach. Harry supplemented the effect by shoving one of
the parchments in front of him towards the pair, with its decoded -- and
obviously false -- message.\\

\noindent T H E C U P I S N O T E N O U G H W E M U S T A D D T O O U R
C O L L E C T I O N I B E L I E V E T H A T M A N Y I T E M S O F G R E
A T P O W E R A R E H E L D I N T H E T O W E R P R E P A R E T H E P L
A N W E S P O K E A B O U T B E F O R E A N D W E W I L L C O M M U N I
C A T E W I T H T H E A B A C U S\\

The abacuses were used in the clinic to track the flow of patients.
Harry waited a moment for the magnitude of their mistake to sink into
the pair.

``You had some clever ideas. But while the tactics were clever, the
strategy didn't really make much sense,'' Harry continued. ``You were
operating at an information deficit, and you~\emph{knew that}, and still
didn't account for it.''

``But if the abacus is\ldots{}'' Annabeth said, brow furrowing. Harry
was able to watch her as her thoughts progressed, and he wondered if
this was what it had been like to deal with himself as a child\ldots{}
cleverness and innovation trapped inside of a fishbowl-sized world,
unable to grasp the limits of their perspective and experience. When you
can only see a handful of moving parts, the machine of the world looked
so simple and easy to manipulate. He remembered his stumbling horror
when he'd been given occasion to see the workings laid bare, in all
their complexity and danger.

``Yes, you understand, I see,'' said Harry. Lawrence's pallor looked
distinctly yellowish, but he still seemed more confused than horrified.
Slower on the uptake. Harry addressed himself to Annabeth, who was
clearly the brains of the operation (such as that might be) and the
leader of the duo. ``So then: it seems as though you attempted to murder
young Sammy, with whom you've had some problems in the past. You've been
stunned for about five hours, now, and I had a chance to speak to your
victim, your Headmistress, and Director Diggory of the DMLE.''

Harry closed the book, a little more forcefully than necessary. ``When I
was your age, I took it as a great offense that no one did me the
courtesy of dealing with me directly unless I forced the issue. So then,
let me be direct: you have been idiots on a scale that you cannot yet
fully appreciate. Not only was your plan unlikely to work, you thought
it was wise to try to use it to frame a classmate -- a boy who has been
involved in some dark dealings indeed with the rest of his family, some
of whom were expelled for their pains, but who didn't do anything wrong
here.''

He stood now, rising and placing both palms on the table in front of
him, looking down on the two students with cold green eyes. ``You are
said to be `Silver Slytherins,' but I wonder if that little faction of
Draco's has turned out to mean anything at all in his absence. He told
me, once, that it was about the purity of truth -- that he'd learned
that truth was the most important thing, even when plotting, since if
you didn't know the reality of the world then you couldn't~\emph{affect
it}, no matter how brilliantly effective your plans might otherwise be.
That's why you need both instrumental rationality -- acting based on
truth -- and epistemic rationality -- knowing what is true. They are
both necessary if you want things to happen as you desire.''

Lawrence had rallied, now. Harry imagined the boy forcing down his
nausea and searching for an escape. The boy forced himself upright in
the chair and thrust out his chin, saying, ``But that's the very reason
why we acted\ldots{} we knew the truth, and wanted to act on it. The
Meroveni-Bowles are~\emph{no good}~and--''

``And you wanted to make your enemy pay for something, even if you
couldn't make him pay for his real crimes. What was it that he'd done,
exactly, Mr.~Bradwian?'' said Harry, and now his voice was as cold as
his eyes.

``He and his family tried to kill Turm, just because they were ashamed
of what their father had done -- because they were ashamed of their
half-brother. They tried to~\emph{kill}~him,'' said Lawrence. The boy
rose up slightly out of his seat as he spoke, taking strength from his
indignation. ``They stole potion ingredients from Hogwarts, from
Professor Slughorn's stores and the greenhouses, so that they could
supply Ragged Rooncrown and his Euphoric distribution in Knockturn
Alley! They tried to steal Helga Hufflepuff's Cup from Smith Manor --
and that's wrong, even if it turns out~\emph{you}~did it, sir! And Sammy
tried to kill me in a duel when Annabeth and I stopped the
Meroveni-Bowles! His sister and brother were expelled, but he managed to
get out of all the trouble for everything, just because they took the
blame!'' Now he was standing, and Harry noticed that Lawrence was
actually his same height, so that Harry had to stand up straight and
stop leaning on the table in order to look the boy in the eyes. Maybe he
should make himself taller. Auror Kwannon had moved to one side and
drawn her wand, clearing her line of sight, though her wand remained
casually at her side.

Lawrence was incensed now, having worked himself up into enough outrage
to serve as a shield from his shock and fear. The boy's clear young eyes
were narrowed in anger. He lifted a finger and jabbed it in Harry's
direction. ``And Sammy was never going to die, since I was waiting at
the bottom of the stairs to catch him with~\emph{Wingardium Leviosa}. No
one saw that, but veritaserum can prove it.'' He lowered his hand. ``I
stopped him from falling so fast, and I~\emph{saved his life}. But he
needed to pay for what he's done. I wasn't doing anything but justice.''

``Samuel Meroveni-Bowles comes from an unpleasant family, but he has
not, to my knowledge, done anything more than get dragged along with his
older brother and sister and be bullied into helping them occasionally.
Questioning under veritaserum revealed a scared boy in a bad clan trying
to muddle his way through\ldots{} rather a different picture than you'd
paint in defense of your actions. The child has not earned a brutal
beating and near-death experience, even if you managed to stop yourself
short of giving him an execution.'' Harry looked at Lawrence, coldly and
with clear contempt. Annabeth had leaned forward and buried her face in
her hands, and was crying quietly. ``You are badly in need of a lesson
on losing\ldots{} a lesson I once had to learn, as it happens, but one
which I have no time to teach at the moment.''

Harry pushed back his chair and walked to the end of the table, where
two wands were sitting. He picked up Lawrence's in one hand, then looked
back at its owner. ``To your great good fortune,~\emph{Prior
Incantato}~showed that you did help arrest the vicious fall that you
caused. And to your even greater fortune, no lasting harm appears to
have been done. Sammy doesn't remember anything. But you are a thuggish
young pair, and stupid. You have brutalized a boy in an act of
vigilantism because you were~\emph{sure}~he was guilty though you had no
proof -- the swan song of so many thugs, who always manage to make
themselves the true hero or victim.''

Lawrence sagged back into his chair, his bravado evaporating like the
bluff that it was. He stared ahead of himself, and Harry knew that
consequences and dread were playing out in his head.

``You have been bullies -- stupid ones. You have brought shame to your
families and your House and to whatever the Silver Slytherins might be,
these days, besides a fashionable social club. I want you to understand
that, Lawrence and Annabeth. Where you're going, you will need that
understanding. You will need that lesson to make you strong.''

Annabeth began crying even harder, her shoulders shaking, and Lawrence
slumped forward, gripping the arms of his chair spasmodically. He looked
about ready to cry. Harry waited. Not to be cruel, but because he knew
from experience that it was very difficult to change who you were. They
needed to sit there with bile rising in their throats, tears burning
hotly in their eyes, seeing their entire futures burning around
them\ldots{} and they needed to know that they weren't being oppressed.

Harry knew that it was a difficult thing to realize that you'd never
really been the hero, all along -- to know that you were some form of
lesser villain, deluded and stupid in your villainy -- somehow even less
than the honest evil, since you rewarded yourself with misplaced
righteousness. Let them see the tears of their mothers waiting in the
future, the bitter scorn of Headmistress McGonagall, the tall walls of
Howard Prison.

``You will need that lesson, because you are going to help me with
something,'' Harry said. ``The world is changing quickly these days, and
a great many very smart people have convinced me that my previous
strategy hasn't been working\ldots. so you are going to help me with a
new one.''

\emph{``One constrains the partner's choice by constraining one's own
behavior,''}~Schelling had written in~\emph{The Strategy of Conflict}.
``\emph{The object is to set up for one's self and communicate
persuasively to the other play a mode of behavior (including conditional
responses to the other's behavior) that leaves the other a simple
maximization problem whose solution for him is the optimum for one's
self, and to destroy the other's ability to do the same.''}

In other words, strategically limit one's own courses of action to only
allow for the ones you prefer, so your enemy must either allow you to
move unmolested, or else move against you in one of the styles you've
chosen for them -- since by limiting your own available responses,
you've limited their ability to provoke you to unfavorable action.

``You are going to join the Honourable, Lawrence and Annabeth,'' Harry
said. He dropped Lawrence's wand on the table. ``It was you two who
helped my people discover where the Cup of Helga Hufflepuff was being
stored, secretly mewed up in Hepzibah Smith's house after her death, so
I know you can be of some use. And perhaps now you understand your
weaknesses in terms of strategy. And maybe in time, you might even
understand the value of life and the price of pain, and why I have
dedicated my existence to preserving the one and preventing the other.''

``We can't be spies,'' Lawrence said, dully. He turned to stare at
Harry. ``I'm only fifteen.''

``I have good reason to think that your ages will help make
you~\emph{excellent}~spies, in this case, Mr.~Bradwian. I have a plot in
mind to improve the world, or at least one small corner of it, and you
are an absolutely necessary part of that,'' said Harry. The Dean of the
Science Program returned to his seat, where the book he'd been reading
lay on the table in front of him. ``I will give you instructions on how
to get started. We will not be meeting for a while, I'm afraid. Pip will
be in touch, though.'' Harry picked up the book again, and opened it
back to the page where he'd left off. ``I'm not asking, of course. But I
don't see how my little plot could work without you, and with your
callous stupidity and violence you've forfeited a great deal.'' He
looked down at the page, and resumed reading. ``I think one day you'll
understand, if it's any consolation. Goodbye.''

Kwannon stepped forward, now, gesturing at Lawrence to get up. The boy
did, as slowly and gingerly as if he were afraid of breaking something.
He gently put a hand under Annabeth's elbow, and guided her to her feet,
as well. She didn't stop crying, keeping her face hidden. The auror
escorted the children out of the room, pausing only to collect their
wands.

Harry returned to~\emph{God-Emperor of Dune}, and read quietly for some
time.
