\hypertarget{press-pass}{%
\chapter{Press Pass}\label{press-pass}}

\emph{I'm not sure what I expected to find in Siegfried's, the latest
dining establishment in Diagon Alley. It's widely whispered that Tower
money helped put the gilt on the doorknobs, so to speak, but even
knowing that, I didn't expect quite the level of opulence one finds at
this adventurous new experiment in ``Muggle fine dining.'' It appears
that the Man-Who-Was-the-Boy-Who-Lived spared no expense: from your
first step to your last bite, Siegfried's is an experience in luxury.
Such an investment might simply have been necessary, since ``Muggle''
and ``fine dining'' is almost a contradiction in terms. But the Tower,
and Mr.~Siegfried KÃ¶nig, seem to be determined to change that by rubbing
their wealth in your face through Siegfried's well-appointed interiors.}

\emph{The service was also a study in excellence. The waitstaff were
courteous and helpful as they explained the odder aspects of the meal.
Novelties in the vocabulary they employed include: ``sous vide,''
``liquid nitrogen,'' and ``emulsifier.'' The only thing missing from
their careful explanation was any information whatsoever; I still have
no idea how my food was prepared, except that some manner of Muggle
mysticism was involved. I declined a kitchen tour, as it sounded
dangerous.}

\emph{For all that the decorating was ostentatious and the explanation
of the menu was inane, however, I must admit that the food was a
revelation of flavor and texture. Even when I didn't understand it, I
enjoyed it. I tried a chutney that was complex and rich, but balanced
perfectly with quail eggs in a bed of a squash paste. I found that it
was\ldots{}}\\

\qsource{Excerpted from ``New `Muggle Restaurant'\\
Opens Its Doors in Britain,''\\
by Sylvia de Kamp in~\emph{American Mage.}}

\mybreak

Margaret Bulstrode pushed open the door to Billie's Bobbing Bubbies with
some distaste. Just touching the greenish metal handle made her feel
dirty, and the scene inside didn't make her feel much better. A
corpulent man with pointed ears was standing at the front counter,
paging through the thick catalogue of the memories on offer, while the
balding woman who was working there was digging under her fingernails
with the pointed tip of a decorative glass stopper from a nearby phial.
A very pale man with lank grey hair completed the scene, sitting at one
of the small tables in the waiting area and eating from a ludicrously
large bowl of apples 'n onions -- the smell of which was filling the
room with cloying sweetness. Everything seemed like it was covered with
a thin film of filth.

Yuck.

Margaret didn't say anything to any of the three people, but only
continued on straight to the little bobbing rooms. Three of them had
closed doors, indicating that they were occupied, but a fourth had a
crude sign fixed to it: OUT OF ORDER. She opened it anyway, and closed
it behind her.

As promised, there was no Pensieve inside, only a swoop-armed Art Noveau
chair with a threadbare cushion, and an empty metal rack where the
magical device had once stood. Margaret gathered up the folds of her
robe -- it was a nice once, too, all fresh with sharp folds -- and
gingerly sat down on the chair.

She waited almost a full minute. The Goddess was in Knockturn Alley, and
Margaret needed to be careful of her. She wasn't doing
anything~\emph{wrong}, necessarily, but\ldots{} one could never tell. In
fact, Margaret had seen the glamorous villainess herself just ten
minutes ago when she was on her way to Billie's: Hermione Granger had
been with her gang of thugs, harassing some poor shopkeeper. The
sighting had so rattled Margaret that she'd been stumbling over her feet
the entire rest of the walk here, and very nearly went tumbling in an
undignified fashion after tripping on some hidden edge of the road a few
minutes later.

But no one else entered the establishment, so it appeared she hadn't
been followed.

``Freedom from tyrants, the strength of individuality, and the
traditions of wizardkind,'' she said. She spoke quietly, as though to
the air, and braced herself.

The chair trembled underneath her, and then with a violent jerk it
flipped itself backwards. It pivoted as though fixed in the air, and her
legs flew up and she tumbled over, and she gasped in alarm (every
time!). But rather than being deposited on the floor just behind the
chair, Margaret was sliding back into a space that hadn't been there
before, and in a trice she was dropped gently onto a wooden platform at
the end of a long hallway.

She caught her breath and fixed her robes and hair. For some reason the
process had a tendency to lodge the back edge of your robe inside the
waistband of your pants or knickers, so it paid to take a moment and
collect yourself. Margaret suspected that was a subtlety of Draco's
devising. He called the password to enter (freedom, strength,
traditions) a ``priming process,'' saying that it was good to remind
yourself of your goals every time you set to work, and she couldn't help
but imagine that it suited his inscrutable purposes to discomfit every
visitor by disarranging their clothing, as well, to prime them for being
embarrassed.

Once she was ready, Margaret took a deep breath and walked to the end of
the hall, making her face bold and her step even bolder. Confidence
could carry you far. She pushed through the door, and stopped just
within. Not quite striking a pose, but just an entrance moment.

She needn't have bothered. No Draco, no Narcissa, no Shacklebolt. Just
that wretched Muggle-lover Edgar Erasmus, the insufferably priggish
auror Gregor Nimue, that American writer whose name Margaret couldn't
remember, and some boy she'd never met. No one she really needed to
impress\ldots{}

\emph{No, no\ldots{} that's Stupid Slytherin thinking. A Silver
Slytherin doesn't turn up her nose at any chance to cultivate power, no
matter what ``sort'' of person is their potential ally}, she thought,
admonishing herself. It was a weird way of thinking, almost unnatural:
an entirely different level. Beyond dominating or controlling people,
even beyond fooling them\ldots{} searching for the utility of each
person, regardless of their inferiorities. A pure Slytherin, a true
Slytherin in the tradition of the old heirs of that house, they knew
that the important thing was to~\emph{win}. Everything else was a hobby.

``Hullo,'' Margaret said to the room.

Nimue didn't bother to rise from his chair, but only glanced up at her
and nodded. He was sitting at the long and narrow table that dominated
the room, and had seven parchments arrayed in front of him, neatly, so
that they were all visible.

Erasmus, who was sitting next to Nimue, was a little more polite. He
rose to his feet and inclined his head to her. ``Margaret.''

The writer -- Sylvia de Kamp! that was her name! -- was sitting with the
boy at the other end of the table, and didn't appear to notice her
entrance, keeping her eyes fixed on the young man. The boy had his back
to Margaret, and he turned just enough so that she could see his face
(handsome, with beautiful skin and a look of misery) before returning
his attention to Sylvia. She was a beautiful but cold-looking woman,
with no charm to her tight blonde bun or sharp cheekbones.

Margaret glanced around the room. A Floo chimney was along one wall,
installed illegally and at great expense on a private network. A stuffed
owl resided on the mantle above, next to a jar of Floo Powder. A sofa
and a pair of chairs sat before it, all upholstered in the most
luxuriously soft bicorn leather. A narrow hole was visible in the
ceiling above the chairs, where a simple covered pipe up to the roof
could admit owls. All along another wall, to her left and right, were
stacked wooden boxes. They must contain the latest edition
of~\emph{Unbreakable Honour}, waiting for Narcissa to arrange the
shipping.

``Edgar,'' said Margaret, approaching the big, red-haired man. She
straightened her posture slightly, putting her shoulders back as she
folded her hands into her sleeves. ``Is Kingsley here? I brought two
more Time-Turners, but I'm only supposed to give them to him.''

Erasmus settled back into his seat, shaking his head as he did so. He
was in sleeveless potioneer robes. ``No, he's not. Two of my people are
in the laboratory, and Gem is making Euphoric down the hall.'' He
gestured at the door to the hall, on the other side of the room. ``I'm
glad he's not here, he'd just be bothering me. Leave the Turners
with\ldots{} oh, with Gregor, or someone.'' He nodded his head to
indicate the Tower auror sitting beside him. ``No, he is assisting
me\ldots{} just give those here, then.'' He held out a large florid
hand.

Erasmus was well-built and supposedly brilliant, but couldn't really
sort out where he stood on a lot of important things\ldots{} Muggles,
most of all. He talked a good game about the natural order, but he was
also always neck-deep into some Muggle book or other (or sometimes two
or three books, Muggle and magical both, while he muttered and made
notes). Draco might also use science, but you didn't have to worry
about~\emph{his}~loyalties. Erasmus\ldots{} well, he just only seemed to
care about the bastardized magical research he did with science in his
little crypto-alchemical laboratory here.

``No, sorry. I can't do that. No reflection on you, of course, Edgar,
but orders are orders,'' Margaret said, smiling apologetically.

Draco didn't tolerate that sort of rank stupidity. Not that he'd do
anything really terrible to her, but he wouldn't ever trust her again if
she was so cavalier about such things. And his anger could be
terrible\ldots{} she'd heard rumors of punishments to traitors. The
Windowpain Curse, for example. A victim who looked at the black square
of a window at night -- any window, any night -- would be cursed to
always see an apparition looking back at him: a pale, wide-eyed face
with large and sharp teeth, staring back at him from the darkness.
Nothing more\ldots{} but always that. She couldn't imagine who'd come up
with that\ldots{} what sort of person would even think that way.
Just~\emph{hearing}~about that one had made her afraid to open the
curtains at night.

Erasmus shrugged and placed his hand back on the table. Nimue just
glanced up and smirked, then returned his gaze to the parchments.
Margaret stepped over behind the two, to look between them at the
subject of their interest. ``Research, Edgar?''

``Looking for a pattern in seeming miscellanea,'' said Erasmus. ``Trying
to\ldots{} verify, shall we say.'' He glanced over at the
miserable-looking boy. The boy didn't look over.

\mybreak

\emph{Report from the Office of the Tower Ombudsman}\\

\emph{Our office has determined that by far the largest vulnerability,
flaw, or weakness in the Tower continues to be the reliance on a single
figurehead and leader, Harry Potter-Evans-Verres. While his prestige and
reputation remain one of the driving forces behind the popularity of
Tower programs and initiatives, in addition to their own dramatic
results and merits, he represents what Security Director Alastor Moody
said in an interview was a ``single point of failure.''}

\emph{We also have\ldots{}}

Margaret, surprised to see an internal memo rather than some obscure
line of research, looked to another parchment.

\mybreak

\emph{Memorandum from Councilor Regulus Hig of the Mystical and
Benevolent Council of Westphalia}\\

\noindent\emph{Mr.~Potter:}

\emph{Hope you are well. Have checked on your question re number of
wizards with certain groups here. Numbers attached. Please note they
bear out my argument. Many generations of wizards have moved to Britain
over past centuries, draining blood and talent from elsewhere. Must be
effect, not the other way around, given last years immigration numbers
(attached, next sheet). Seems clear that my reasoning stands; in final
agreement, Tower will endow chairs at RI and SWI. Partial compensation
for generations of drain. Yes? Please reply.}\\

\emph{Re representative: not sure who to trust with proxy these days.
Limpel had maybe dozen in her org, or more. A dozen total now have
turned up with minds wiped. Would suggest distance collaboration, but
understand Tower protocol prevents communication. Will think on it.}

\qsource{\emph{Be well}

\emph{Reg}}

\mybreak

The string of numbers that followed was rather beyond her curiosity's
scope. She'd never been forced to take Arithmancy, thank Merlin, since
she graduated the year before it became mandatory. Millicent wouldn't
stop complaining about it, a few years ago.

She glanced over at the next parchment, frowning. What was all this?

\mybreak

\noindent\emph{Harry:}

\noindent\emph{Quick note on where we are.}\\

\emph{No good results from Hopkirk. She says it's not a problem of
obscurity, but that there's just too many results. Three is a number of
power. There were three witches who were famous Scottish seers in the
sixteenth century, there were three Peverell brothers and three Deathly
Hallows, the Greek Lord Herpo found three ways to hide from murder,
there were three towers of Atlantis in legend\ldots{} Too many threes.
Hopkirk will keep looking, but says it could mean anything. I don't
think you should rely on much insight until we have more details.}\\

\emph{Some descriptions of the transportation magic described by
Hermione. VÃ¤inÃ¤mÃ¶inen wrote about a horse of flame was used to bear
brave warriors to the battlefield. Not sure if any wards can be devised
without more details and experimentation. Right now, Tineagar or whoever
could pop right into Howard or Hogwarts or Whitehall.}\\

\emph{I'll work more on this, and get back to Tuesday. This feels
unfair, though\ldots{} piled on top of Malfoy and his stupid Honourable.
Hope Hermione knocks them off their high horse.}

\qsource{\emph{Cedric}}

\mybreak

``The Goddess is after us now\ldots{} for real? Like, she's done
swanning about the world and having people kiss her ring? Is that why
she's here?'' Margaret asked with rising alarm. She believed in the
cause and all that, but she'd already been through one interrogation.
She wasn't interested in repeating the experience\ldots{} Mad-Eye Moody
shouting at her and demanding she confess to helping with the Diagon
Alley bombing, always acting just crazy enough that you had to wonder if
he might~\emph{snap}~if you didn't just confess\ldots. Margaret
shuddered. Thank Merlin for Amycus Carrow, who'd been by her side the
entire time. Pervy, but effective.

``She's here?'' asked Erasmus, looking up at her again. ``In London?''
Even Nimue was paying attention to her now, and Sylvia and the boy with
whom she was speaking had stopped their conversation and were staring.

``She's here in~\emph{Knockturn},'' said Margaret. ``She was--''

``You little fool,'' snarled Nimue, leaping to his feet. ``You didn't
think to say?!''

Erasmus gathered all the parchments up into a bundle, knocking the table
violently as he stood up. ``Gregor, why didn't you~\emph{know}~about
this?!'' He opened his robes, but before he could stuff the parchments
inside, Nimue snatched them away.

``Shut up! They don't tell me everything\ldots{} not when they're
suspicious!'' said Nimue in an angry hiss, folding the parchments up and
drawing his wand. At the other end of the table, Sylvia had drawn her
own, and she and the boy were both standing.

``My research!'' cried Erasmus, bustling over to the door to the hall
and disappearing. A clatter of beakers soon sounded from that direction,
as the worried researcher rushed to save his work.

``But she's not knocking at the door or anything,'' said Margaret, upset
by the reaction. She took a step back, and drew her wand, although she
wasn't sure why. ``She's just in Knockturn, why do you think--''

``What other bloody reason would the Goddess have for coming to
Knockturn but to look for~\emph{us?}'' demanded Nimue. ``It's not even a
question -- can't believe~\emph{you're}~even allowed~\emph{in here},
what is Draco~\emph{thinking?}!'' He turned to Sylvia. ``Get going! Take
Lawrence and finish the damn interview later!''

The American writer was already pulling the boy towards the hearth,
almost dragging him by wrist. She whispered her destination, but had
time enough to shoot Margaret a look of contempt before the pair were
gone in a burst of green flame.

``But I think you're over-reacting,'' said Margaret helplessly. ``How
would she even--''

``I was at Azkaban when Hermione Granger broke it like a child's toy!''
snapped Nimue, darting over to one of the crates along the wall and
snatching up a satchel that was sitting on it. ``She has~\emph{died and
come back}~and she is~\emph{not human}. Do you know
the~\emph{stories}~they tell in the DMLE? One of the Weasley idiots saw
her put that author fellow -- Lockhart -- saw her put him through a wall
with her bare hands, after she found out some nastiness he'd been up to.
A~\emph{Hogwarts}~wall!''

``Gilderoy Lockhart? But he's not in any trouble\ldots{} he just
published--'' stammered Margaret.

``Why am I even wasting time with you! Stay and risk your neck,
it's\ldots{}'' Nimue trailed off as he saw the stuffed owl on the
chimney mantle start to flap its wings and hoot. Without another word,
the Tower auror leapt to the hearth, and was gone in his own flash of
green flame.

``Edgar!'' called out Margaret. ``The owl!'' She didn't wait for a
reply, but just concentrated on the three Ds. Let the idiot and those
stupid Euphoric-makers fend for themselves.

\emph{Godric's Hollow,}~she thought, clearly and with force. Then she
tapped herself on the head with the curious wiggle motion of Apparition.

Nothing.

\emph{Oh, Merlin, there's wards. They've locked it down with an
Anti-Disapparition Jinx.}~She turned to the chimney. That was the way
out, no matter what wards\ldots{} that was it's whole purpose.
``Edgar!'' she shrieked, running over to the chimney. ``She's
really~\emph{here}!'' She snatched a handful of Floo Powder from the jar
on the mantel, and threw it into the fire, which turned emerald.

``Borgin and Burkes,'' she said, and stepped into the flames. She'd go
to the other hide-out and escape from there.

Nothing.

``They cut us off!'' said Erasmus from behind her. ``Oh\ldots{}
oh\ldots{} what\ldots{} oh\ldots,'' he stammered. She turned to see the
big wizard charging across the room, awkwardly bundling three big boxes
as he went. A fourth box followed him, floating along by flapping
transparent silvery wings. ``We'll have to use the owl-bolt,'' he said,
peering up at the narrow passage. She stepped out of the flames.

Three other men burst into the room from the same door Erasmus had used.
She recognized Geoffrey Gem and his two cronies: the suppliers of local
Euphorics. Gem was a rail-thin man with terrible teeth -- all snaggly
and yellow -- and thinning hair. Each of the three potioneers had a
smock on and was carrying a clinking crate of phials. ``Hold up, Eggy!''
called Gem.

Erasmus put down his boxes and pointed his wand at the narrow hole meant
for owls. ``We're going, Geoff,'' he said.

There was a loud booming sound, as though someone up in Billie's Bobbing
Bubbies had knocked over a heavy piece of furniture.

``Just need to take down the wards, then we can punch out through the
roof,'' said Erasmus, concentrating. His already reddish complexion
turned downright scarlet as he worked, and sweat was visible on his
brow.

There was another heavy boom from upstairs. Margaret found that she was
clutching her wand so tightly that her fingers ached, and forced herself
to relax. ``Hurry, Edgar!''

``These aren't~\emph{supposed}~to be easy to take down,'' he snapped,
but he gritted his teeth and squinted as he worked even harder.

``They can't get in here for hours\ldots{} hours of magic to stop them
from burning in,'' mewled Gem. Margaret almost laughed in his face.

There was a third boom, and this one not only echoed in the room with an
accompanying shattering sound as something broke, but the furniture
actually shifted. Margaret turned to face the entry door. ``That sounded
like--''

The center of the door cracked as something hit it from the other side,
the wood splitting from top to bottom. One of Gem's assistants dropped a
crate, and it hit the ground with a crash of breaking glass. ``Oh
Merlin,'' the man said, swaying in place. The rich and sweet smell of
shrivelfig filled the room.

There was another crashing sound, and a golden fist appeared, spearing
out through the door and sending chips of wood into the air. It opened
and seized one side of the broken door, and then thick golden fingers
pulled until Margaret heard the metal of hinges squeal and give way. The
remains of the door fell apart and open, and the Goddess stepped
through. She wore a golden gauntlet on her left hand, and wielded her
wand in her right. The metal of the gauntlet glinted brightly, like it
was forged from sunlight. It looked very dangerous. She was flanked by a
scowling, short witch and a buxom, taller one, both of whom were also
wearing golden gauntlets, and a spectacled man who looked a bit scared.
A floating Quotes Quill followed the man.

``Edgar,'' said the Goddess. ``We need to talk.''
