Frontloading Mysteries
======================

Ninety percent of everything was terrible. This was also true for
people: ninety percent of them were dumb.

Reg Hig contemplated this unhappy fact as he stared at a copy of the
*Daily Prophet*. The headline read, UNITY APPROACHES. Underneath, a
smiling duo of clear importance were dipping their heads in identical
bows before a dozen witches and wizards in trailing robes. The Tower and
the Goddess, adding another country to their growing global hegemony.

It was tempting to crumple the paper in one angry fist, or perhaps to
burn it into theatrical ashes. But he intended to scrutinize the lead
story carefully, and he was certainly not going to buy a second copy of
this propaganda sheet. The *Daily Prophet* had been a mouthpiece of the
British ruling class since the time of his grandfather, and it was no
different these days, now that a new Dark Lord and Lady had taken
control.

It was almost comical the way each new Dark Lord followed the same
playbook. The first step was to eliminate the main opposition, through
assassination or spellcraft. The second step was to stack the local
Thing (in Britain, it was the Wizengamot) with their followers. The
third step was to take control of the leading newspaper. And last of
all, almost as an afterthought, they would take over the local Ministry
of Magic.

Still, Reg thought, it certainly made sense to use a tried-and-true
method. History showed the wisdom. At the height of the Reign of the
Eleusinian Mysteries, Sulla the Fortunate marched on Rome and took power
by force, wresting it from the Optimates in the name of the Muggle
masses. He ruled with absolute power. Forty years later, a successor did
the same thing, championing the Muggle cause in the Senate and seizing
power by force. Twenty years after that… well, you get the picture.

All else equal, a winning move would stay a winning move… until and
unless you changed the rules. That’s why the third successor of Sulla
the Fortunate had quietly murdered all of his opposition, and had
launched centuries of tyranny. Augustus Caesar had decided to change the
rules, and he had done so with admirable effectiveness.


************

Reg stood from his desk chair, walking to the fireplace. He stamped his
foot on a bright-green bellows at the fireplace entrance, barely
breaking stride as he stepped into the flare of green flame and said,
“Westphalian Council.”

There was a brief moment as he walked from the travel room into the
council chamber itself. For obvious reasons of security, the Floo
network was not connected directly to a place of such power and
discretion as the Westphalian Council’s meeting chamber, or with the
offices of any of the councilors.

Walking into the chamber, through a shower of Thieves’ Downfall, Reg
saw that there was only one other councilor present, sitting behind one
of the tiny desks. Limpel Tineagar was a gangly woman, and she always
looked a trifle silly folded up on the little chairs of the meeting
chamber. As she leaned forward to peer at a parchment, her limbs seem to
be too long and thin. Limpel resembled nothing so much as a robed
spider.

“Reg,” she said warmly, “how are you this morning?”

“Very well,” he replied, walking down the tiers until he was on the
level below her. He was almost a foot shorter than her, and if he had
tried to take advantage of a rare opportunity to loom over someone by
standing next to her, it would have seemed ridiculous to them both.
Power should not be obvious.

“I assume you’ve heard of the French capitulation?” she asked, her tone
less cheerful. “The cowards fall, one by one.”

“That is why I am here,” he said. “We must call a meeting, and we must
discuss what the Americas will do. Inaction is no longer an option - not
with Thing after Thing formally agreeing to the darkest of rituals! If
we wait much longer, then it will be too late.”

“A preview of your speech?” Limpel asked, her mouth twisting with
amusement. She was a cynic, and had no native passion in her. “You rouse
me with your stirring words.”

Reg frowned slightly, and leaned forward, putting his hands on her desk
and looking at her with frank directness. He was not an intimidating
man, he knew. Short and ill-favored, he had a broad face with a plum
nose and dark eyes. The dense black stubble around his mouth was
irregular and resistant to every razor and charm. He was not charismatic
and he was not scary.

But he was very persuasive.

“It’s no joke, Limpel. Blocking the international statute only delayed
Britain for a few years. Europe has now agreed to the Tower’s demands
almost as a whole, saving only the brave Cappadocians. France has
already begun putting in place the necessary procedures to comply with
the treaty. Thus far, it’s only the harmless things - Healer’s Kits and
all that - but it won’t be too much longer before Safety Poles are set
up in Quiberon, Beauxbatons, Aix-en-Provence, and throughout Paris!
Brainwashing available at the touch of a finger!”

Reg lifted a finger in the air.

“One Thing stands in the way: our council. We’ve been fighting this
Atlantean nonsense for centuries, and we’re about to lose for good.
History will mark down this council as the one that failed… unless we
take a stand.

“I don’t know if you’ve ever noticed that, in an emergency, people in a
crowd are slow to help. Someone gets hit by a Quaffle and falls into the
stands, and everyone just stands back and looks shocked. No one in the
crowd feels responsible - they’re just watching. But when there’s only
one bystander, that person knows that it’s on them. They have to
intervene. And that’s us, now. That’s the Westphalian Council. We’ve
spent years fighting for the rights of nonhumans and Muggles! We sent
dozens to fight Grindelwald, and after Boston, we sent dozens to fight
Voldemort. We’re the only ally of the goblins that hasn’t already sold
their souls to this new Dark Lord.

“It’s us. We’re it. And if we fail, then that’s the end of everything.
Goblins in chains, Muggles start dying by the millions, and Westphalian
Council becomes one more footnote at the bottom of the page, reading,
‘Also destroyed in 1999 was the Westphalian Council, a once-important
American wizarding union.”

Limpel’s smirk had left her face, and she was solemn. “You’re right, of
course. Sorry.”

“No need for apologies, Limpel,” Reg said, shaking his head and leaning
back. “Just give me your word that you’re with me. The next Dark Lord
has risen, and we need to stop him. There is no one else… we are the
battle line, here in this council.”

She was nodding now, her mouth tight.

“So this isn’t a speech, Limpel, but a request,” he said, looking her
in the eye and speaking with the earnestness of an honest man. “Will you
help me stop Harry Potter-Evans-Verres, before he destroys the world as
we know it?”
