\hypertarget{the-thing-with-wings}{%
\chapter{The Thing with Wings}\label{the-thing-with-wings}}

\begin{quote}
\emph{KARL: You think you are safe here, in your village utopia? War is
upon us! Hear the sound of drums. The enemy approaches in scant minutes,
and our hourglass flows so quickly\ldots{} witness the last of the time!
Lords and ladies\ldots{} I beseech you! Wake up and attend to your own
hour of doom! Flee!}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{ERIN: We hear. We understand. But we will not run. We will not
abandon Sontag.}
\end{quote}

\qsource{The Last Days of Exses O'Bruinan,''\\
by S. Leigh, as staged in the 1979 London production}

\mybreak

\emph{John Snow Center for Medicine and Tower School of Doub\\
(The Tower)}\\
\emph{May 18th, 1999}\\
\emph{One day later}\\

Draco's office in the Tower was in the rear of the complex, where it had
been expanded. He had originally been situated near Material Methods. It
might have been quiet there at the moment, with the goblins all shut up
and withdrawn into Curd and Ackle, off doing gobliney things (presumably
comparing ear length or bathing in rubies). But as soon as the dodgy
little blokes were back to work, hammering out more absurdly large
golden gloves, then that area would become intolerable: unfortunate
smells, clamorous noise, and a horde of chest-high half-elves swarming
underfoot in the corridor.

Now he was comfortably ensconced next to the new offices of the Vision
Verge, instead. They were almost all wizards and witches, except for the
one centaur, and they mostly did quiet things involving lenses and the
like. It was uninteresting work -- what possible use was there for the
tiny Protean-Charmed little toggles they were making? -- but also a
peaceful little corner of the oft-bustling Tower.

\emph{Dearest Mother}, he wrote, leaning over the parchment on the desk
in front of him.

\emph{All is going well -- better than we could have hoped. There are
plans to reorganize the way the Tower operates, now that a new Receiving
Room will be built to accommodate the Ten Thousand. That has meant a
second Terminus to be in charge, and a second command structure for it,
and now the whole question of who reports to whom has been upended. The
Westphalians are all in a clamour about the new addition, as well, and
are arguing that the Americas should also have their own Receiving Room.
If they win, then simple pride will oblige the construction of a fourth
Room for the Free States, Nigeria, and any other African states that
join.}

\emph{In fact, I believe that the Tower will become a proxy body for the
Confederation, which will soon mean, of course, that it will become
subject to votes from that body. Potter is a soft touch, and he won't be
able to flout the Confederation forever without the excuse of the
Independent opposition. That will be an opportunity for many, including
us. Good fortune floats into our hand like a ripe dirigible plum.}

Draco continued in this vein for some length, setting forth his
pretended expectations with just enough vagueness to appear plausible.
He laid out a vision of a potential path to power within the Tower --
and more importantly, made sure that this vision was transferable: a
blueprint for others to follow, as well.

When he was done, he took a parchment razor and notched the lower-left
corner of the first page twice, then folded and sealed the packet. Draco
would send it to his mother, and she'd know it was meant for others to
see. It would be ``stolen,'' and reinforce his efforts at tempting a few
choice individuals into the fold.

There was a loud knock at his office door.

Draco looked up, irritated at the interruption. He glanced at the big
watch on the wall. He was expecting his ``spy'' and ally Dolores
Umbridge at ten o'clock, but he'd expected to have time to write a
genuine dispatch to his mother in addition to the fake one. They'd built
something special over these past years with their Honourable, and he
had no intentions of letting it -- or their relationship with each other
-- decay. ``Who is it?'' he asked, curtly.

``There are some who call me\ldots{} Tim,'' said a voice from the other
side of the door.

``Come in, Longbottom,'' Draco said, sighing in annoyance.

Neville opened the door, glancing around the room as he stepped inside.
At some point in the years since he and Draco had first boarded the
Hogwarts Express, Neville had grown tall and handsome. He was a bit
gawky, but with an obvious strength in his wiry frame. His eyes were
bright and his smile was wide and he was utterly intolerable.

``Harry wanted to know if you had a minute,'' Neville said. He squinted
at a statue in the corner -- a beautiful sculpture in gold of a
fat-bodied cobra with numerous heads, coils piling up beneath it and a
single broad hood loomed behind its heads.

``Fine,'' said Draco, checking the wall-watch again. He dropped the
cover over the inkwell built into his desk and cleared the parchments to
one side. He included the fake dispatch among them. He'd send it later.

Neville jerked a thumb in the direction of the statue. ``That's new.''

``It's from Thailand,'' said Draco, turning to regard it. ``Not a real
beast. `Ananta Shesha,' a fanciful notion of the Muggles\ldots{} They
say that it holds the entire world on its hood.''

Neville regarded it closely. There were tiny scales pricked into its
surface, and each tiny snake-head wore a delicate crown. ``So he's trod
down by everyone else, despite all his crowns?'' he asked, lightly.

Draco ignored the jab for a moment. He adjusted his robes as he walked
around the desk, and he kept his voice mild as he replied, ``One day,
they say he will uncoil.''

Neville scowled as the Slytherin stepped past him and out into the
corridor. Draco turned to give him a level look, and spoke over his
shoulder, ``And then, he'll be all that's left.'' Draco smiled coolly.
``Ananta Shesha: `that which remains.'\,''

Not his best work\ldots{} but then, it was only Neville, who spent most
of his day wallowing with Muggles and play-fighting with them.

Draco walked briskly down the corridor, past the Verge, and along the
hallway squeezed between the Conjuration Conjunction and Extension
Establishment, the latter filled with annoyed people snapping at each
other irritably. There had been serious malfunctions in the latest
slicebox prototypes. They were intended for the creation of a second
pocket world, which would also be put into orbit out past the sky, but
they'd been rupturing instead. One researcher had nearly been killed by
an accidental backlash that had bisected her at the waist.

He turned left, moving past the entrance to Material Methods, and then
pushed open the door to the meeting room, striding on inside. \emph{It's
important not just to look like you know what's going on, but to appear
to actually be in command of it,}~his father had used to say.

There were a few people in the meeting room with Harry. A couple of
aurors, Percy Weasley, and Cedric Diggory. No Bones and no
Mad-Eye\ldots{} nothing about the Tower or politics or anything foreign.
Probably government\ldots{}

He considered likely possibilities as quickly as possible as he nodded
to those sitting at the table and walked over, past the aurors.

Was this about his mother? No, they'd leave that alone, no matter what.
They knew better than to get between Draco and his family. They knew he
was a Malfoy above all.

Had one of his minions gotten out of hand? Draco did an inventory of the
likely suspects -- the lowbrow pawns who'd run most of Knockturn Alley.
Gem and his people were in Howard Prison for another three
months\ldots{} Laura Lock and Tallow Enser were still in hiding in Kent
and unwilling to come out. That left Jean-Luc Bigby and Mortimer Kainen.
They'd been kipps by trade six years ago, collecting loans and
insurance. Had they gone back to that and gotten picked up after hexing
the wrong person?

Was this more personal? Had they started getting information from
Bellatrix, finally -- penetrating the unfathomable protection of her
insanity?

``Hello, Harry,'' Draco said, standing behind an empty seat. He rested
his hands on it. He waited just a fraction of a second before turning to
the other two, saying, ``Diggory. Weasley.'' A gentle reminder of the
order of things. ``What are we on about this morning?''

``Just the usual, Malfoy,'' said Cedric, with his customary
badly-disguised air of scorn. He'd had difficulty accepting the new
reality in the Tower: Draco as ally and not defeated enemy.

Draco smiled a knowing smile, and pulled his chair out. But he didn't
sit down, pausing.

There was something wrong.

Draco didn't know what it was, but he knew there was something wrong. He
glanced from face to face, again. He couldn't quite put his finger on
it, but he felt the disquiet in his guts.

\emph{What is it? Is it Mother, after all? No, Harry would tell me in
private first, if that were it. Was it a misunderstanding -- the
uncovering of a ``plot'' to overthrow Harry, and it's been
misunderstood?}

He could see it, now, all of a sudden, as they looked back at him. It
was their expressions. Harry and Diggory and Weasley all seemed to have
their attention somewhere else. Not as though they weren't paying
attention or anything so obvious -- but rather, it was as though they
were distracted by a noise or presence that he couldn't see. It was
subtle\ldots{} but then, Draco's tutor in the social graces, Master
DeCampo, had always said that manipulation was the most delicate dance
of all. These were three people struggling with their guilt. He could
see it.

\emph{Why do they feel guilty?}

``I think --'' Draco began, but he could already feel the presence of
the aurors close behind him.

A wand jabbed into his back.

Draco smirked, despite the roiling of his stomach. \emph{Did Harry
seriously think I've never considered the possibility of betrayal?
``There are only three certainties: death, betrayal, and hag's teeth.''}
He'd personally made a portkey to his own office within the Tower.
Portkeys couldn't take him outside the facility, but they could travel
within its bounds -- to a prepared escape cache.

``This is a mistake, Potter,'' he said. He considered the
appropriate~\emph{bon mot}~to leave in his wake, and fixed Harry's eyes
with his own. Harry looked conflicted, his face uncertain.
\emph{Uncommitted. Ultimately, not enough will to carry this out.} Draco
felt more confidence at the thought. \emph{This might actually be a good
thing.}

A hand rested lightly on his shoulder from behind, from someone unseen.

``\emph{Egeustimentis},'' he heard.

\mybreak

After the necessary adjustments, they all sat down together. The Master
took Harry's usual seat. They began to discuss what seemed to be the
next step.

``Trying to ambush Mad-Eye,'' said Draco, shaking his head. ``It sounds
almost like a\ldots{} like something that is untrue by its very
nature.''

``A contradiction in terms?'' suggested Cedric.

``A paradox?'' offered Harry.

Draco nodded at Harry. ``A paradox. Like burning water. Or a lucky
elf.'' He shook his head. `` `An ambushed Moody.' Impossible.''

``Well, we've hit critical mass, I think,'' said Harry. ``We have enough
people to do it, but not so many people that we've been found out. Most
of the aurors on shift yesterday and during the night, and everyone on
shift today -- and now Draco. If we act now, we might even keep it from
getting messy.'' He looked hopefully over at the Master.

``Yes,'' Meldh said, nodding gently. ``The changes I have made are
not\ldots{} subtle. The Lethe Touch takes centuries to master, but even
my skill is not enough to disguise such a change in,
ah,~\emph{priorities}, shall we say?''

Draco nodded in agreement, as well. ``I knew something was different
when I walked into the meeting. And there's no sense in wasting an asset
that might help the Master later. You're right, we should act
immediately.''

Harry leaned forward, using one hand to brush the end of his ponytail
back over his shoulder. ``Is there any risk the Lethe Touch will wear
off?'' he asked Meldh. ``If it has a time limit, we should make sure to
set up a schedule -- maybe a system to keep an eye on each other.'' He
paused, thoughtfully, and wagged a finger at his Master. ``If we're
going to help you, you're going to need to start telling us things about
what you want and your assets.''

Meldh raised an eyebrow. He leaned forward and folded his arms on the
table in front of him. He had a mild look on his face -- amused
curiosity, as though he were looking at children. ``Oh?''

``Are you fishing for information, Harry?'' asked Cedric, frowning
suspiciously.

``Well, yes,'' said Harry, contemplatively. ``It's interesting. I
suppose I'd always assumed that mind magic like Imperius would come with
an underlying change in personality and methodology. Maybe I've been
making comparisons to Muggle techniques that don't serve -- things like
brainwashing. Instead, it's more like Muggle politics than anything
else\ldots{} the dark side of rationality, where ideas don't have
inherent value, but only matter as\ldots{} as\ldots{} `` He made a
gesture. ``As soldiers. In politics, whether or not an idea or theory
reflects reality is less important than whether it helps or hurts my
team.''

Meldh's face darkened. He rose from his seat, slowly. ``How can you
speak this way? How have you defeated the Touch?''

Harry shook his head. ``It's not what you think. I serve you above all
else, Master Meldh. But you didn't lobotomize me. I'm capable of
introspection -- I can recognize that the change to my priorities wasn't
predicated on rational assessment of the situation.'' He grinned,
good-naturedly. ``More knowledge is better, even about yourself. You'd
be amazed how many times I've had to talk about this --''

``\emph{Lecture}~about this,'' Cedric put in, sighing.

``-- but it's true,'' Harry continued, unperturbed. ``There's no danger
to knowing how your own mind works, including all of the biases that
damage your ability to make rational decisions. We're incredibly biased
towards acting according to your instructions, Master, and it wouldn't
serve you to pretend that's not so.''

``It would be less creepy, Harry, if you would just make your peace with
it,'' said Draco, frowning. ``Accept that this is the way it is, and
don't overthink it.''

``No, no,'' said Harry, quickly. ``That's just it! You're conflating the
idea of resisting the change in our minds with the idea
of~\emph{understanding}~it.''

``This is not useful,'' said Meldh, quietly. He'd become mild again,
apparently accepting Harry's explanation, and lowered himself back into
his seat. ``We will finish planning, so that we eliminate all threats.
Then we will take the time to prepare our moves for the future\ldots{}
what pieces we keep and what pieces we sacrifice. We will adjust our
strategy, so we can move towards my chosen endgame -- not your madness
of healing Muggles and throwing things into the sky. Magic must have its
end.''

Harry looked momentarily flummoxed, opening and closing his mouth a few
times. Draco smirked, watching. Eventually, Harry found words again,
frowning. ``Yes, sir.'' His frown became surprise, as though he'd
intended to say something else.

Draco turned his attention back to the Master. ``Moody is due to come in
today at some point for an intrusion attempt, since it's an
even-numbered day. I suggest we prepare a fake repeater in the clinic,
and ask him for help.''

``There have been a few people who have been unhappy with their
rejuvenation who have tried to convince us to do the process again,''
Cedric explained. ``It's against policy, since it's too time-consuming
and it takes time away from others. If a healer is rejuvenating someone
for the second or third time, that means there's someone else in actual
need of rejuvenation who has to wait in suspension. We had three French
wizards who caused a problem about this, a couple of years ago, and
backed up the queue so badly that several people came very near to
dying. We keep a sharp eye on répéteurs ever since.''

``Moody has prepared for this sort of thing,'' said Harry. ``I know for
a fact. One of his jobs is to be paranoid about everyone.'' He stabbed a
finger onto the surface of the table. ``Even~\emph{me}.'' He turned to
Draco. ``One level won't be enough. We need levels and levels if we want
to have any hope, here.''

\mybreak

Alastor Moody was waiting until just before midnight. People got sloppy
at night -- forgot to check their corners, lost track of everyone in the
room, and other laxness. He hadn't done a night intrusion on the Tower
in months. By that time, they'd be wondering if he'd already managed to
get in\ldots{} they'd start double-checking the patients already in the
clinic and verifying the identity of everyone in the halls. Added to
their fatigue, it might be the edge he needed to get to Harry and
``assassinate'' him.

He smiled to himself as he checked the Glenwallace Traps on the
doorframes of his house. This was going to be a fun one.

It helped that he was in a good body. A tall and healthy man with a dark
complexion and brown eyes -- nondescript but usefully vital. There was a
lot to be said for the usefulness of sheer physical health when it came
to break-ins, although the stealth value of a small child or an obese
man wasn't to be shunned.

A small bell rang twice, and Moody frowned. Owl in the hutch. He checked
the front door and the windows, and then went to the hutch. It was
carrying nothing but parchment, so he opened the swivel-door barrier and
let the owl through, and plucked the message free.\\

\noindent REPEATER IN THE CLINIC.\\
WE NEED A QUIET REMOVAL AND\\
TO MAKE SURE THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN AGAIN.\\
APPLY PERSUASION.\\

It was signed by Malfoy.

A trick? A trap? Alastor knew where at least 75\% of Malfoy's little
gang were, and they were almost all neutralized. Assuming he could be
wrong by as much as a fifth, and that Malfoy might have gotten leverage
over some of the mid-level aurors -- maybe a Terminus on duty -- or
maybe Malfoy himself had been suborned by a larger operation or a
powerful individual, maybe the Three. Or just an attempt to curry favor.
Or rather, more subtle: an attempt to appear as though he were currying
favor, so as to be taking an obvious hopeless action in a safe way while
putting forth another plan.

Might also be the Chinese or Americans, making a try now that they had
their foot in the door. He wouldn't put it past that lousy little Hig,
who was all helpful and sweet now that the Westphalians had what they
wanted.

It was also just barely possible that there was no ulterior motive to
the situation or message. He chuckled out loud at the thought.

Alastor snatched some leaves of parchment from the writing desk near the
hutch and wrote three terse messages in his crooked and crabbed hand,
ordering a change in the shift commanders at the RCP and the Ministry,
and sending a further letter to a cold-drop. Unlikely Malfoy or anyone
else could have sway enough to manage every single shift commander. He
sealed them with a hasty Verification Charm to match his wand, and sent
them on their way.

He checked the Glenwallace Traps again, and the other Dark Detectors
while he was at it. Then Alastor pulled on his gear and checked it over.
He studied his appearance in the glass for a long moment, but he looked
safely ordinary.

The safest way would be to Apparate to the Ministry and then take a
secure Floo, but they'd be expecting that and it would, ironically, make
him more identifiable. No, as so often, the best way was the more direct
and fastest. A Safety Stick.

\mybreak

It had looked wrong, right from the start.

Alastor walked into the clinic from the Receiving Room to find a
repeater, all right -- someone with the unblemished skin and youth of
the rejuvenated. He was arguing in the middle of the clinic with a
healer, who was calmly trying to redirect the repeater back into a
cubicle.

But there were also seven aurors.

There was not any reason for there to be seven aurors. That was far too
many. The three on shift here would have been sufficient, and an
additional one from the Receiving Room would have been an abundance of
caution. Sending four aurors in as reinforcement for a minor difficulty
like this wasn't just a waste of resources: it would actually cause the
very problem that they tried to avoid when repeaters showed up.
Repeaters needed to be soothed, reassured, and sent on their way without
a fuss.

Protocol was well-known. More than that, it was just common sense. And
these weren't new aurors to the Tower, either, he noticed. They were old
hands; people with experience, and no known ties to any other power that
he knew. But here they were, where they shouldn't be, all standing in
bunches.

Time to address the likelihood that this was a Malfoy trap for him (or a
trap by someone else).

Alastor backed out of the clinic and turned to the auror standing
farther down the corridor, the one he'd just passed. ``Pirrip!''

The idiot turned. ``Sir?'' He'd just cleared Alastor mere moments ago,
exchanging passwords.

``Go tell Harry that there's something very suspicious with the repeater
in the clinic. Then come back at speed. Bring another hand with you --
someone with battle experience,'' Alastor barked, sharply. He waited
just long enough to see Pirrip on the jump, then turned and strode back
into the clinic.

But scarcely was he inside before he heard a scream. He whirled to see
that Pirrip hadn't even made it out of sight down the corridor -- the
young auror was down, thrashing on the ground. Gutclench Curse or
something similar.

Almost without thinking, Alastor sidestepped to the right, and without a
pause charged into motion, out of the clinic. Behind him, he could hear
voices shouting and spells being cast. Not all focused on him --
whatever this was, he still had allies. He barely thought about his
reactions as he raised the purplish light of Azarian Fire behind him,
throwing himself to the side once he was clear of the doorway to the
clinic. The Fire erupted behind him with a rush of smoke, and he took
the opportunity to crouch low and lean back around the doorway,
snatching at the goblin-silver door just to one side. A spray of Bertram
Bolts sizzled through the air over his head as he hauled at the door,
and it smoothly slid into place.

He needed to get to Harry. Alastor took off at a dead run.

He didn't pause over Pirrip, not even breaking stride as he sprinted
down the corridor over the lad. He spared a look to his right as he went
past the entrance, but he could already see that the Receiving Room
aurors had sent two of their number to assist him (traitors to stab him
in the back? No, Madagascar and Nimue hated each other, that hate was
more reliable than most things) and so he could rely on the alert being
raised.

Down past the Advancement Agency, still sprinting, plucking a potion
from his belt with his free hand and dropping it behind him, Alastor
cursed. Whoever was behind this was causing chaos, but how could they
think they'd win? That they'd get control of the Tower -- they didn't
even know what the Tower really was, or what happened here. Did they
think to learn the ``special webs'' that made ``Tower Transfiguration''
possible here? Had they figured out the Stone\ldots{} were they just
trying to steal that? Alastor hoped that Harry had his wits about him,
and that he'd put on one of the decoy gloves as soon as he was
threatened. The decoys each had a fragment of an ancient and ruined cup
embedded in their palm, where the Stone went in the real glove -- if
anything was stolen, let it be one of them.

But it was much worse than he thought. Charging around the corner,
taking the turn at a momentary crouch, wand raised, he saw that they'd
already gotten to Harry~\emph{oh Merlin oh no --}

Harry was on the ground, and a knife was buried in his chest. Blood was
spreading around him.

\emph{-- check behind, nothing, run forward, call for help, two bringing
up the rear to watch your back --}

There was so much blood already, was the boy already dead? His shoes
were wrong. He had to be saved, he had to be saved, there was no one who
could take his place, not really.

\emph{-- move to the side, wand up, there's someone Disillusioned, see
the shimmer, no bother with removal, wide-angle attack, get down --}

He dropped into a crouch again and raised his wand to Vom Tag, reaching
out with his mind. He focused his will into the necessary shape and
pushed away from him the thought of a grandmother's eyes and sparkling
blue lights. It was devilishly tricky to aim, but he just needed to get
it~\emph{out there}~and he felt with relief the rush of arctic wind as
it swept in a torrent away from his fingers, ripe with cold.

He brought up more Azarian Fire in front of him almost in the same
breath, but never took his eye off the corridor. The blur of distortion
that was his enemy made a movement, redirecting his attack. A skillful
turn. Foolish to do it so well, they revealed too much about their
style. Possibly meant to tempt him into overconfidence.

--~\emph{no time for this, no time no time, use the arch you can make it
secret again later like the last time --}

Alastor whipped three rapid-fire curses at his opponent, buying a
half-second to reach into his robes. He felt the metal ring in its
pocket, and snatched it free. Lunging to the side, he snapped his wand
forward, shouting a curse powerful enough that his own ears ached from
the pressure of its passage.

And he hurled a metal ring at his enemy, urging it to work. He needed it
to work. He needed it to~\emph{save Harry}.

The Arch of Ulak Unconquered, the most perfect prison ever devised,
swelled impossibly as it sailed through the air. Within moments it had
ceased to be a thing of physical reality, and had become a force of
nature, transforming from a slender metal ring into a burnished hoop the
size of a man.

Alastor's foe was fast: he had time to try two full spells as the Arch
flew at him. Both spells, a rush of wind and a blaze of fire, were
swallowed by the Arch so thoroughly that they might never have existed.
The Arch was a thing unyielding and unknowable -- the last sanction of
Alastor Moody, the reserve he retained against any betrayal.

And then the Arch dropped down, encircling the enemy, and then the enemy
was gone. There was only the empty metal hoop of the Arch resting on the
stone, and Alastor brandishing his wand, and the aurors on his heels
running in lockstep, and a dying Harry Potter-Evans-Verres. Whose shoes
were wrong.

Whose shoes were wrong.

\emph{Trap}.

There was only a moment between the realization and unconsciousness, but
that moment was long enough for Alastor to understand. A fake Harry
meant a fake enemy, already in control of the Stone. That meant a fake
attack. That meant a set-up in the clinic, assisted by the Receiving
Room. That meant no one raised the alarm. That meant everyone was in on
it.

\emph{Constant vigila}

\mybreak

After Moody was theirs, the two aurors took away Kraeme's body, still
transfigured into the shape of Harry. On Meldh's instructions, they put
it in the clinic for the moment, until arrangements could be made. The
Arch was more difficult. Moody himself had to whisper arcane words to it
before he could lift it, releasing Cedric from a prison so complete that
the Head Auror had not even been aware of the passage of time.

Everyone took a moment to recover.

But only a moment.

``Now, then,'' said Meldh, turning to Harry. The Tower was blinking away
tears, but with awkward shakes of his head that suggested he wasn't
aware of it. ``I believe now is an excellent time to visit a certain
black box. ~There is a threat we need to address\ldots{} and I think on
a more permanent basis than you are willing to do.''

Harry felt an ache within himself, but no conflict within his will. The
new arrangement of his mind carried him forward, as inexorably as a
satellite sailing through space, and he nodded readily.

It was time to visit Voldemort.
