\Startbonus

\hypertarget{draco}{%
\chapter{Draco}\label{draco}}

\emph{Pursuant to an agreement, I grant and confirm to
Armand}~Malfoi~\emph{the Vale of}~Haxburn Downs\emph{, with the Manor
of}~Haxburn\emph{, and the Chapel of}~Haxburn\emph{, \&c of the gift
of}~Osmundus Æþelindus\emph{, Earl of}~Haxburn\emph{. I commend it to
the}~Use~\emph{of the selfsame Armand}~Malfoi~\emph{with all good thanks
for his}~Service~\emph{for he has ever been a}~True
Friend~\emph{and}~Loyal Servant~\emph{of my}~House\emph{, and I know it
shall ever be}~So\emph{, and I do charge Armand}~Malfoi~\emph{with the
good}~maintenance~\emph{and}~safekeep~\emph{of the}~Treasury of the
South West~\emph{with all my Trust.}\\

\emph{\qsource{Grant of Lord-Enchanter Assurence de Chute,\\
two years before his untimely death}}

\mybreak

\emph{Malfoy Manor, Wiltshire, England}\\
\emph{February 12th, 1997}\\
\emph{A year ago}\\

``Put the samovar on,'' Draco said, gesturing at the tapered silver
device and glancing at Gregory. Three domovoi were visiting that
evening, and they tended to be particular about such niceties. It was
probably part of their unrelenting feelings of inferiority towards the
British, as though Merlin's heirs were to blame for their position on
top of the Confederation or their legacy of powerful magic. The Russians
always wanted to be treated with every little courtesy, and bristled at
any perceived slight.

Not that Draco would have it any other way. It was an easy lever to use,
and required nothing of him but a bit of forethought. Everyone should be
so pliable.

Gregory Goyle obliged, twisting one of the handles of the samovar. The
device was an elegant piece, with two stylized dragon's heads protruding
from the top. It began to heat itself with a quiet hiss. ``What's the
plan?''

``You bring them in, and then go and tag their brooms. The Thunderer has
been spreading gold around, looking for ways to co-opt the Honourable. I
want to know who's been helpful enough to be the point person for his
emissaries,'' said Draco. ``Once you've done that -- and check out their
people, see if there's any opportunities there -- then you'll join us
and play the heavy.''

Draco paused, then spoke to the air, curtly. ``Dobby.''

Barely a breath passed before the elf appeared, stepping out from behind
a curtain. It was rude to apparate into the middle of a room, of
course\ldots{} proper house elf etiquette required a furtive entrance.
The bedraggled little creature's bony face was pained with anxiety.
``Master?''

``Pack for a journey. Mother and I, both. Cold weather. Riding, formal
blacks, formal greens, and lounging,'' Draco commanded. ``I'll want to
be ready to go by the time my meeting tonight is concluded.'' He turned
away, gesturing dismissively.

``Yes, Master,'' said Dobby, eyes wide. He gently stepped back behind
the curtain.

``Will Carrow be here for the meeting?'' Gregory asked, looking
uncomfortable.

``Yes,'' said Draco, giving Gregory a direct and cold look. \emph{What
of it?}, his face said.

``Fine,'' said Gregory. Nothing more. He busied himself with arranging
the furniture appropriately. He removed the two light wooden chairs from
the room, levitating them out and replacing them with heavier armchairs.
There were five of these: two set in close pairs and one separate, near
the fire. Draco would take the single chair, of course, and allow the
visitors to choose their own seats.

How the Russians arranged themselves would be valuable information. If
two sat and one stood nearby, it would show that they were choosing
solidarity in some respect -- usually indicating nervousness or
conscious opposition. If all three sat immediately, it would show
comfort and ease, suggesting Draco could easily advance the relationship
by taking the domovoi into his confidence that very evening. If there
was hesitation, the process and order in which they sat could be
observed: who was the leader, who deferred to others, and so on.

Poor little domovoi, coming to Malfoy Manor.

They were necessary for the future, though -- not just entertainment.
Draco had a significant power base in Britain and many admirers abroad
-- the international subscriptions to~\emph{Unbreakable Honour}~were
almost equal to the domestic numbers -- but he'd never be a credible
player on the world stage until he had some firmer connections with some
of the globe's more reliable leaders. Voters were all well and good, but
if you wanted iron in the glove, you needed some of the better sort on
your side. You needed some tyrants.

There was a creak in the hallway outside, and Draco froze. Gregory
snatched his wand up, his face hard.

``It's I,'' came the smooth voice of Amycus Carrow, ``your Uncle
Amycus.''

``Come,'' said Draco.

The door opened, and Amycus Carrow entered. Tall and gaunt, the
spymaster of the Honourable and old ally of the Malfoys was wearing
black robes with shiny buttons, fastened tight up to his chin. The dark
shadow of some scraggly whiskers were visible on his upper lip, and his
hair was clipped very short.

``Draco, my boy,'' said Carrow. ``So good to see you.'' His eyes
flickered over the length of Draco's body, the way they always did -- a
possessive and lingering look. ``Nacreous liver,'' he murmured,
bizarrely and almost inaudibly. He seemed almost hungry.

``Hullo, Mr.~Carrow,'' said Gregory, just a touch too loudly. He put a
smile on his face as a shield.

Carrow started slightly, as though he hadn't realized Gregory was there,
and swiveled his head to glance at the other man. ``Gregory,'' he said
in acknowledgment.

As usual, Draco was forced to admire the performance of Mad-Eye Moody.
It wasn't simply the perfection of the acting, although that was so
masterful that not even Amycus Carrow's nieces suspected the subterfuge
(it helped that they were never permitted to spend much time with him,
or to ever be alone with him: the uneasy parent's usual precaution
against an ``acrohandula''). No, the true magnificence of the
performance was that Draco knew -- he~\emph{knew}~-- that Moody was
putting on this perfect imitation of Carrow at the same time as he
played the part of Draco's spymaster while~\emph{also}~watching out for
Harry Potter's interests~\emph{and}~remaining constantly vigilant of
immediate threats. It was the virtuoso exhibition of a masterful
fanatic.

``Was your excursion useful, Amycus?'' Draco asked.

Moody -- no, it was impossible to think of him as anything other than
Amycus Carrow -- Carrow pursed his lips. ``Yes\ldots{} I think so. You
are the only one who can credibly promise such gifts to the Thai. They
won't step out ahead of China, for fear of being left alone in the cold,
but they will drag their feet as much as they may. The Ten Thousand are
never quick on the stick, but I don't believe we need to worry about
them joining the ranks of our enemies, any time soon.''

The dragons' heads on top of the samovar opened their mouths, hissing
twin streams of steam. Their eyes glowed a dull red.

Draco walked to one of the room's tall windows, and stood there for a
moment, looking out at the night. He could see one of the towers
of~\emph{The Declaration of Intent}, and it was a sharp reminder of the
importance of the stewardship of assets.

``We will give them nothing they can use -- ideas of promise, but no
application. Dead ends,'' said Draco. ``A taste of power, but nothing to
tip our hand or upset the balance in the Ten Thousand.''

``They aren't fools, my boy,'' said Carrow. ``They won't be so easily
misled. If a bitch will bear no pups, you don't just cut its
throat\ldots{} you also give your elf a lesson with the knife.''

Draco thought of Dobby, and smirked. ``If an elf is left so poorly
trained, then there's no one to blame but yourself.'' He reversed
Carrow's metaphor, making it more to his liking: ``We will throw a treat
to our foreign friends. The Thais, the Russians, those Americans\ldots{}
old allies and new, they'll learn the potential power of joining us. We
have people within the Tower and in the Department of Mysteries to
assist.''

``Such as Umbridge won't get you what we need,'' said Carrow, stroking
his chin.

``Stolen secrets won't be the sole bait. There will also be simple
advancements harvested from the Muggles. There is remarkable power in
these techniques\ldots{} power that will astonish even you, Amycus,''
said Draco, turning to the side and regarding Carrow again. ``The
principles of Mendel can reshape the flesh of beasts in a fashion more
safe and more stable than even the feats of the fabled sarkamancers of
the Eleusinian Mysteries. You think it is an accident that Loony
Lovegood is meddling with Devil's Snare? The methods behind her madness
are a coin for us, too.'' He snapped his fingers. ``And we will also buy
trust with deceit. Already and at this very moment, I am acting to set
up a rival to the Honourable -- a rival that will conspicuously fail,
and in the process cost our erstwhile allies any investment they might
make.''

``Your lovely mother\ldots{} she's off selecting your chosen fools,''
said Amycus, nodding slowly.

``Taking a meeting -- she is considerably enthused about the project. I
believe it amuses her to hand-craft a rival. Traps made of people are an
elegant thing.''

``I would have been able to assist in this, had I known ahead of time,
my boy.'' Carrow folded his hands in front of himself, tilting his head
slightly to the side. His right eye twitched. ``A mistake.''

Draco's expression became cold, and his eyes narrowed.

Carrow stared back, unblinking.

There was a long pause. Then Draco drew a breath, and spoke with cold
care. ``You presume too much,~\emph{Carrow}.''

Gregory stood up a little straighter, and squared his shoulders; a
subtle and appreciated signal.

Draco turned to face Carrow, and brought his palms together in front of
himself. He drew them apart across his chest, and as they parted, his
father's cane appeared in the gap, growing as Draco spread his hands,
until the Lord Malfoy could grasp the snake-headed silver handle and
bring the other end down to the floorboards with a sharp crack.

Draco raised his voice, beginning loudly, all thunder and lightning
``\emph{I am}~\emph{Draco Malfoy, and I\ldots{} I\ldots{}}''

His voice trailed off. Draco lowered his gaze. He fell silent. He let
his shoulders slump slightly, as though the wind had been taken from his
sails. He stood like that, and held it. Waited.

``Lord Malfoy?'' asked Gregory, hesitantly.

``No,'' said Draco.

Gregory drew a sharp breath.

Draco raised his eyes again, glancing at Gregory. ``No,'' he said again.
``This is too important. It is too important for grandstanding.''

Then he met Carrow's eyes with a steady gaze, and his voice was quiet.
``No speeches, no grandeur, no orders. I tell you here tonight, Amycus
Carrow, that this is the sticking point for a hundred generations of
wizardkind. If we fail, then the world will be a darker and sadder
place.'' Draco thought of a silver light he'd once seen\ldots{} a pure
glow that had overturned so many lies with its very existence, filling
him with such an argent awe that it changed his world in a heartbeat. He
imagined that light gone forever, and let that sorrow fill his voice.
``If we fail -- if we let one trick slip by or fall short by an ounce of
wit, then our world will become a Muggle-made thing of immortal
monsters. We are confronting an existential threat: a looming power that
might not only end us, but end everything we hold dear.''

He shook his head. ``So no threats and no foolishness. If you don't have
the mettle to hold to your place and do your part, even when it harms
your pride, well -- go, and may your chains sit lightly upon you.'' He
raised his cane -- a mere symbol and a powerless prop, but wasn't
persuasion the mightiest thing of all? -- and he pointed it at Carrow.
``But if you have honour, and you're with us\ldots{} then you
are~\emph{with us}, and you will~\emph{heed your place}.''

\emph{Apophasis.}

Before he'd even finished speaking, Carrow had fallen to one knee. ``I
can offer nothing but my apology and my fealty, Lord Malfoy.''

Gregory looked as satisfied as the kneazle that caught the cracklebit.
He crossed his arms, and a smile lurked at the corner of his mouth. He
looked a foot taller. He looked like faith fulfilled.

``Master,'' said Dobby, emerging from behind a different curtain. ``Your
visitors are here.''

``Let them in,'' said Draco, without taking his gaze off of Carrow.
Dobby disappeared back behind the curtain once more. Draco lowered his
cane. ``Goyle, go meet them.''

Goyle left, his face revealing barely-disguised triumph. The story of
this moment would travel. Draco smiled.

Carrow and Draco were alone. There was only the quiet hiss of steam,
rising dangerously from twin dragon heads, to keep them company.

``Bah,'' said Carrow, rising off of his knee and standing up again. He
snatched out his wand and as he waggled it, almost too fast to follow,
the warm crackle of wards settled on around them. Privacy screens, above
and beyond the ones that already layered the Manor.

Draco didn't say anything -- didn't rub it in. There was no need.

``Try that again, Malfoy,'' he said, glowering, ``and you will get a
rather different reaction. Goyle will be spreading the story of how you
lost an ear, instead.''

Draco watched him coolly. ``And damage everything we've been building?
You have more discipline than that.''

``Maybe. But also too much discipline to be afraid to upset the
applecart, if need be,'' replied Carrow.

``Before you do, be quite certain it's worth it. One only gets one
chance at ruining plans like these.''

``Plans like these? Your mother is setting up some small circle of
idiots to take a fall, sucking some Cappadocian money with them as they
go, eh? Helping build up the Honourable to draw in all the enemy?'' said
Carrow. He stabbed a finger at Draco. ``Or is it a cover for your own
efforts to set up an independent base of power?''

``I'm not above a fall-back plan, Mad-eye,'' said Draco, ``because I am
not an idiot. If something happens to Harry, or he goes too far, or
anything else\ldots{} well, I don't intend to wager everything on one
game of pitch-and-toss. But my fall-back lies in the Honourable: they
are my `independent' base of power, if need be, not some momentary troop
of patsies. That is why the Honourable are loyal to me, personally.
Harry knows that. You know that. And you both understand it, too, I
think.'' He fixed Carrow with a harsh look. ``Don't pretend to purity. I
know you have your own private plans.''

Not that he~\emph{knew}, really, but there could not be a safer
assumption.

``There's a difference between preparation and betrayal,'' said Carrow,
in a most un-Carrow-like growl. ``Which are you at, I wonder?''

``\emph{Continue}~to wonder,'' pronounced Draco, curtly.

``Aye,'' said Carrow, slowly. ``Well. You may believe you can bludger
Potter in the back, if you get the opportunity. And maybe you're right.
He's clever, but soft. He trusts you. But I don't.'' Carrow gave Draco a
hard stare, and his very face was a reminder of his capacity for
subterfuge. ``But be careful thinking you can play a deeper game than
me, boy. Many have tried\ldots{} and gotten no deeper than six feet.''

``Lord Draco Malfoy,'' said Gregory, opening the door across the room,
``of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Malfoy, Britain's last and best
defender of the honour of wizardkind and the fate of magic.''

Draco turned to regard the door, cane in hand, and his face slid into a
courteous smile of welcome. Three men with hard faces but indifferent
grooming stepped into the room ahead of Gregory. They had the weighty
air of importance. One of them wore a brooch of emeralds-and-alicorn,
while another openly carried an old wand of the Slavic style, two feet
long and bladed. They all wore the red woollen cloaks of Russian
domovoi: the decision-makers of one of the great peoples in the
wizarding world, no less magisterial than the Wizengamot. These were men
who had held lives in their hands, who had scrutinized their subjects
down to the curve of their soul, who had begun and ended wars as they
saw fit.

Now they were come to Malfoy Manor.

Carrow and Goyle walked over to stand beside Draco. Draco's smile
broadened.

``Please, gentlemen,'' he said. ``Sit wherever you like.''

\Stopbonus
