\hypertarget{levee}{%
\chapter{Levee}\label{levee}}

Eventually, of course, help arrived. A gathered force of Russian,
Chinese, American, and Korean witches and wizards had answered the
urgent plea of Headmistress McGonagall, who had acted swiftly and with
her usual competence to demand assistance. Indeed, they had sent their
most elite response teams: the Boston Brahmins, the Siberian Rakshasa,
the Jīngluò, and the Three Treasures. After an initial accident in the
Receiving Room, it took half an hour to negotiate a peaceful end to
rising hostility and suspicion. Harry's message had stated that everyone
in the Tower had been suborned by an intruder, and it was --
unsurprisingly -- difficult to prove that this was no longer
true\ldots{} especially since the visitors from around the world brought
grim news of their own.

The Muggle news services had broken into panic -- in some cases,
outright hysteria -- over mass disappearances that had occurred in major
cities around the globe. Thousands of people, maybe tens of thousands,
had gone missing. Entire neighborhoods had been emptied of their
populations in less than a day. The Witch-Watchers and their
counterparts in other countries had passed on the news, of course, but
few in the magical world had been able to say what it might mean. Such
feats of malice were beyond the abilities of any person or persons yet
known. Nothing on the scale had been done in many generations, since the
era when magical combat between powerful wizards depended heavily on
controlling crowds of armed Muggles with charms and threats.

Also troubling was the restive behavior of the goblins. It had already
been apparent that all seven goblin cities had been in communication
with each other, and most particularly with Ackle. Spies and spells
revealed that these Beings had gone further, and that a fearsome
gathering of goblins had massed on the plains near Ackle, heedless of
Muggle eyes. The goblin nation, encamped in their thousands, rejected
all emissaries and inquiries and threats with cold words and armed
guards. Magical observers could only watch them huddle amid
brightly-colored canvas and clockwork beasts of silver, and wonder.

There were rumors and suspicions, especially after two exhausting hours
had been spent communicating the events of the past two days and all the
concerns that faced them. Communications were sent back to different
Things, and responses multiplied by the minute. Grindelwald's cell had
been examined, and the shackles of the Abiku were checked, and the dark
pit of Sarai's oubliette was secured. But the monsters were all snug in
their captivity, and worried minds turned to other possibilities. The
name of Merlin was mentioned. Atlantis was mentioned. Only a few knew
enough to speak of the Three, and tremble.

Some did not react well. A seer in Istanbul had gone mad, screaming
about the return of the Dökkálfr -- sheer madness, for that grim faerie
people had been gone from the earth for a hundred generations. And a
Slytherin boy named Lawrence felt a cold shiver run up his spine as he
read the late edition of~\emph{The Daily Prophet}~and recognized that,
once more, deathly dangerous events were building on the near horizon.

And yet for all this, as Harry Potter-Evans-Verres sat in a crowded
meeting room, surrounded by some of the most important and powerful
individuals on the planet, drafting orders to be delivered to the Muggle
Prime Minister and Minister of Magic Carmel N'Goma, and struggling to
understand the sheer scale of the threat that loomed\ldots{} for all
this, Harry yet found himself wondering about Voldemort.

\emph{Where are you, Professor?} They could probably find him with the
thaumometers, the same way they'd located Horcruxes. But Harry had lost
not only the memories of where he'd hidden away Voldemort's cell, he'd
even lost~\emph{how}~he'd hidden it away. Just thinking about it, he
knew he'd be unable to look for the secret prison within the
Tower\ldots{} it was too dangerous for him. \emph{What sorts of traps or
obfuscation did I put in place? Hermione will have to look for it, but
will she even agree? Yes, she will, once I put her to imagining an
endless hell of solitary confinement and sensory deprivation. We will
have to --}

``Harry!'' said Mafalda Hopkirk, irritably, snapping her fingers. The
buxom head of the Unspeakables had clearly been trying to get his
attention for some time. Amelia Bones and Reg Hig, standing next to her,
looked almost as upset.

``Sorry,'' Harry said, feeling his face redden. He stood up from his
seat at the conference table, glancing around the meeting room. No one
else seemed to have noticed his distraction. Moody was conferring with
his aides, several of the Americans and Chinese, and three
representatives from the Muggle government; Cedric was speaking urgently
with Hermione, the Shichinin -- why did Neville have a black eye? -- and
the Koreans; a pale Umbridge was sitting silently in the corner while
the two sfaironauts (Percy's brother, Ron, and Basil Horton) spoke with
Draco; and two of the Returned, Hyori and Esther, were standing
watchfully with several aurors.

Harry turned to Hopkirk, taking a deep breath and trying to settle
himself. ``Sorry, Mafalda,'' he said again. ``It's been a difficult
couple of days. Where are we?''

``We're in crisis,'' Hopkirk replied, succinctly. Her smooth, commanding
voice was clipped.

``While we were trapped and enslaved, the world went mad,'' said Hig. He
rubbed the end of his plum nose, sighing. ``I have to leave almost
immediately to start dealing with just the problems springing up in the
Americas. Thousands of people are missing from New York, Rio de Janeiro,
and Mexico City. And Van Rensselaer, Randolphs, and Hardicanute,'' and
Hig indicated three of the Boston Brahmins, ``all have reports of other
disturbances. Infierno has been breached, and twenty dark wizards and
witches have escaped custody.''

``La Boca del Infierno has been broken into?'' broke in Bones, sharply.
Without waiting for a reply, she stabbed a finger at one of Moody's
aides, who compliantly approached. ``Send a team of Hit Wizards to check
on Howard. Gecko protocol.'' The aide's face paled, and he raced away.

``Our prophecy-analysts agree with the verdict of the Pool of
Demand\ldots{} something is happening, bigger than\ldots{} well, bigger
than anything they've ever seen or heard of,'' said Hopkirk. She sounded
calm, but her shoulders were rigid with tension.

``Time is frozen,'' said Moody, who approached. There was a grim set to
his jaw. ``Time~\emph{everywhere}~is frozen. We tried to set some
surveillance in place and begin preparations, and we lost two aurors.
Bad deaths. Shouldn't be possible to do that, but the second attempt was
made in Japan, and it failed too.''

``I checked back in with Powis,'' said Hermione, who joined the
conclave, Cedric and Draco following. ``Urg says he's gotten messages
from Curd, and it confirms what Cedric just told me. Thousands of
goblins from all over the world have gathered in Ackle.''

``Apparating, though most of them only recently got wands?'' said Bones,
in surprise. She checked herself in a moment. ``No, of course
not\ldots{} stockpiled portkeys.'' She frowned, grimly. ``And that hints
at long preparation.''

``We knew they'd been gathering weapons,'' said Harry, wearily. ``We
were going to\ldots{} I don't even know what we were going to do. Speak
to them, I suppose. This isn't a surprise, though.'' He felt sick to his
stomach. He knew that it wasn't the right way to think about it -- to
think that they~\emph{owed}~him anything, just because he'd finally
begun to put an end to years of oppression. A good person stopped doing
evil because it was evil, not because they wanted something from the
victim. But it was still a bitter pill to swallow.

``After all we've done for those vile little creatures,'' said Hopkirk.
Moody and Bones nodded, their faces sour. Draco looked torn between
smugness and horror.

Hermione frowned and glanced at Harry, but said nothing.

Harry imagined all the deadly things that could be done with goblincraft
and a little ingenuity. He imagined all the damage a mass mob of people
could do when enchanted, even without magic. He imagined the power of
ancient magic from ages past, wielded today. He imagined all the
unknowns that might yet present themselves.

``Assets,'' he said, abruptly, swallowing the bile rising in his throat.
``What are our assets?''

They collaborated to tick them off, estimating the number of witches and
wizards they could bring to bear in battle in different scenarios, and
their effectiveness. The leaders of the Jīngluò and Rakshasa joined the
group, working with Hig to fill in the gaps. Everyone lied to everyone
else, omitting available artifacts and warriors from their accounting,
but it wasn't too long before the small group had an estimate of the
total armed force they might be able to summon, if every member of the
Confederation could be brought to bear.

There were perhaps a million wizards and witches in the world, with
higher concentrations in a few places like Britain (for reasons that
might best be described as ``imperial''). Perhaps half of that number
had more than rudimentary magical schooling, and an even smaller
proportion could be said to be ready to fight. All told, an optimistic
estimate of the wizards available to fight in a world-threatening
emergency -- like massed armies of Muggles or goblins -- would be
something like fifty thousand. The actual forces they'd probably have on
hand on short notice would be something like a tenth of that total.

``Are we moving too fast?'' Cedric asked, as they reached their grim
conclusions. ``We don't even know if the disappearances or the goblins
are related to each other, or to Meldh's attack here, or even if there's
going to be conflict.''

``I think,'' said Hermione, carefully, ``that we should probably work on
the assumption that all of the events are related in some way, even if
it's not the way we might think. We certainly shouldn't start any
accidental wars, but it's the Three, after all, not the One. There are
two more Meldhs out there, and he told Harry that there was going to be
violence.''

``We should assume the worst,'' said Draco with a look of gentle scorn
for Cedric. ``But even if wizards are outnumbered by goblins or Muggles,
even if it's three to one, we can win. As long as we know where they
will strike and prepare for rapid movement, we'll wipe out any attack.''

Harry held up his hand and waited for the bustle to quiet down. He
looked to Madame Bones.

``Supreme Mugwump, if I might?'' She nodded assent, impatiently, and
Harry raised his voice. ``We need to prioritize and organize. We need
communication between decision-makers. We need to determine likely
targets, and likely forces at our command. We need to try to figure out
who is behind this -- if it is the Three -- and what they want.''

He pointed at Moody and Hig, in turn. ``Reg, I know you want to go home,
but you need to have home brought to you. You will work with Moody and
sort out our vulnerabilities\ldots{} no,
the~\emph{world's}~vulnerabilities. If possible, get in touch with He
Jin of the Court of Rubies, and let him take the lead.''

Harry next turned to Draco and Bones. ``Draco, you and Madame Bones
might best work on a command structure and mobilizing our forces.
Everyone you can think of, and assume some groups will betray us --
either out of short-sighted ignorance or deliberate treachery. Find the
Minister and Percy and ask them to help.''

He turned to the remaining individuals. ``Our friends from other
countries need to assign emergency plenipotentiary representatives.
Everyone else, we'll have specific things for you to do, shortly.'' He
drew a deep breath, reaching back to pull his ponytail snug. ``Listen,
Draco is right. Some of you know me, but I think I can say without ego
that everyone here knows~\emph{of}~me. And trust me when I say that we
can do this. Even if we're surprised by an attack, and an enemy has
local superiority, wizards have superior mobility and firepower in
almost every direct conflict. Even if this is the worst-case scenario --
a return to the old days we've read about in books, with armies of
thousands and goblin armies wielding their weapons -- we'll be evenly
matched with them. If we keep our heads about us, we can~\emph{do
this}.''

Many people nodded firmly, cheering at the little speech. Placing their
faith in him. Some scowled or rolled their eyes. They needed no
encouragement, or didn't buy it. A few only looked angry. He didn't know
why.

``Meldh put those of us in the Tower through hell, but we beat him. We
beat him with our wits and our preparation. We can do that now, if the
Three are really attacking on this scale -- really stepping out of the
shadows. They're using all the powers of the old world, everything
that's always worked for villains like them in the days gone by. But
we're going to use all the powers of our new world to match them, and
we're going to beat them.''

Before Harry had finished speaking, an auror had appeared at the front
entrance to the meeting room, his face shiny with sweat and filled with
horror. Another messenger was on his heels, and she rushed to Mafalda
Hopkirk.

\emph{Oh no.}

``Madame Bones,'' he said, his voice strained. ``An army of Muggles has
attacked the Ministry. It's been evacuated and they're holding off the
enemy, but there are thousands of them. And Howard Prison has been
breached. And there's --''

He was interrupted by a short shriek from Hopkirk, who was swaying where
she stood, drunkenly, her face stricken.

All eyes turned to her.

``The Unseelie have risen. The flesh-harrowers. The ravers. The sailors
of the sea of teeth. Oh Merlin, no, no, no\ldots{} to hell with Muggles
and goblins, the~\emph{Unseelie}~have returned to the world.'' Her voice
was strangled, and it was hard to say if it was the shock of her words
or the dissolution of her normal composure that was the more disturbing.
``It's not\ldots{} we can't\ldots{} oh, Merlin, why? You do not call up
that which you cannot put down. We're\ldots{} we're\ldots{}'' She swayed
again, putting a hand on the shoulder of an adjunct, overcome with
horror.

``We're all going to die,'' Hopkirk whispered. ``This whole world is
going to die.''
