\hypertarget{pithos}{%
\chapter{Pithos}\label{pithos}}

\begin{quote}
\emph{{[}The goblin warlord CRAD THE CALLOW and two ATTENDANTS enter,
stage left. CRAD, a loathsome beast with a foaming mouth, wears filthy
animal skins and a necklace of wizard teeth. His hands are covered in
blood. His ATTENDANTS are dressed in similarly barbaric regalia, and
each carries bright torches. They stand before ERIN and KARL,
triumphant.{]}}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{CRAD: Look at the princess! Now that I, Crad, the revenging angel
of goblinkind, has come to spill wizard blood\ldots{} now she cowers!
This is the price your people pay for their crimes. It is natural for
vengeance to follow foul deeds, as one season follows another\ldots{}
and this is my harvest season\ldots{} and your season of death!}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{ERIN: I am a noble witch of Britain, sir, and I do not cower. That
is a thing for beasts.}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{KARL: {[}Boldly{]} And goblins.}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{CRAD: {[}Gnashes his teeth and jumps up and down, waving his
arms.{]} Still you defy me, though this miserable village lies in
ashes?! Though every beast lies dead, and even the flax smolders in the
fields?!}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{KARL: We do.}
\end{quote}

\begin{quote}
\emph{ERIN: And so shall we ever. The choice between right and wrong is
as clear as the difference between night and day. And if there were
aught others to witness this, perhaps in some later day, then I would
declare to them that they need only use their eyes to tell the
difference between good and evil! And what seeing wizard, witnessing the
ugliness and needless cruelty of evil, could fail to promise to seek the
good of their own kind?}
\end{quote}

\qsource{``The Last Days of Exses O'Bruinan,''\\
by S. Leigh, as staged in the 1979 London production}

\mybreak

\emph{John Snow Center for Medicine and Tower School of Doubt\\
(The Tower)}\\
\emph{May 18th, 1999}\\
\emph{The same day}\\

``Why did you keep this place a secret to so many, Mr.~Potter?'' asked
Meldh, calmly. He glanced around the small room as they emerged from a
nightmarish corridor of traps and wards and locks -- including even a
five-minute waiting period that considerably amused Meldh.

The room was still sparsely furnished. There were stacks of cassette
tapes and several auto-players sitting in a thick mass of Lovegood Leaf.
There was a small wooden stool, with a yellow legal pad and mechanical
pencil set upon it.

There was a black box.

Harry didn't answer for a moment, glancing over at the box, which
remained silent. He walked over to the auto-players instead, where a
quiet voice was reading a book-on-tape aloud. Harry bent down and turned
it off, and the recorded sentence was strangled mid-word: ``His
professions might be sincere; but in the situation where fortune had
placed him, it was scarcely poss--''

``Mr.~Potter?'' prompted Meldh.

``This is the second Tower,'' Harry said. ``Before this, there was
another facility\ldots{} one that was part of Hogwarts. There
was\ldots{} an attack. A powerful wizard who had been driven insane with
grief. He said that he wanted us to bring back his child, but I think it
was a form of suicide for him. He'd planned it -- arranged for a message
to be sent from the future to stop us from using Time-Turners to stop
him. He killed Hermione. Killed her phoenix.''

Harry sighed. ``At that time, I'd transfigured Voldemort into a small
stone, so that I didn't have to kill him. But during the attack,
Hermione threw me to safety, and when I landed, I lost the ring. And it
was then that I realized that if I'd been seriously hurt or
killed\ldots{} well, Voldemort could have awakened or been freed, with
the Philosopher's Stone right at hand. Moody had warned me of this
before, and we'd taken additional measures, but\ldots{} well, that plan
wasn't going to work. Of all the possible solutions to keeping hold of
him, I'd been taking one of the riskiest possible. So I set to work
finding a solution. It was easier than I'd thought\ldots{} many wizards
in the past had worked on transferring or creating consciousness in
artificial environments, enough to be actually worrying. This form of
mandrake, when properly prepared, holds his consciousness. But I knew
that many people wouldn't share my ethics about going to such lengths --
that they might prefer more lethal solutions.''

``I see,'' mused Meldh. They both looked at the box for a moment,
contemplatively. Voldemort remained silent.

``You are mistaken, though, Mr.~Potter,'' Meldh added. ``It was we who
sent that message. We'd known the gentleman for some time, after he
intruded on our meeting place. An early attempt at an intervention in
your affairs. Ineffective, I'm afraid\ldots{} but perhaps that's for the
best, now that I consider the matter in hindsight.''

Harry's eyes were closed, and he staggered to the side. He clutched for
the wall but fell short, dropping to one knee. He gasped, ``Killed
Granville\ldots{} so many people\ldots{} sir, I can't\ldots{} I'm
sorry\ldots{}''

Meldh shook his head and smiled kindly. He walked over to Harry and bent
down, putting a comforting hand on the young man's back. ``It's all
right, just give it a moment. This is my fault, I'm afraid\ldots{} I
have changed very little in you. Just your\ldots{} ah, there is no word.
Just your~\emph{telos}. The most important things for you. So there is
some conflict. But my alterations cannot be overcome. Fear not.''

``Fear,'' said Voldemort, suddenly. Meldh turned his head sharply and
stood up straight at the sound, but did not appear alarmed. As ever, his
expression was pleasant. It suited the older man well.

``I am not aping you,'' continued the voice from the box in neutral male
tones. ``That is a suggestion.''

Meldh didn't respond immediately. Instead, he walked closer,
scrutinizing the black box. After a moment, he said, ``I do not accept
your suggestion, but thank you for it. You are Tom Riddle? Or is it the
more recent name -- Professor Quirrell -- that you go by?''

``I have had many names,'' said Voldemort. ``Please address me as best
suits you.''

``Very well, Lord Voldemort,'' said Meldh, smiling. ``I am a visitor to
the Tower. You may call me Meldh -- an old word from my youth.''

There was a pause, then Voldemort said, ``Your implication is obvious.
But that is not a credible lie. I will thank you not to insult my
intelligence, Meldh, if we are to speak.''

``Oh?'' asked Meldh, raising his voice slightly to be heard over Harry's
gasping sobs, as the young man struggled to control himself.

``While I do not know if my faculties have been affected by this prison,
I am not yet a gibbering moron,'' said Voldemort. ``Accordingly, I am
not credulous enough to accept the existence of such antiquity without
rather more proof than that. It is apparent that you have directly
interceded to enforce your will on Mr.~Potter in some manner. Such an
intervention would come at some risk, no matter your abilities. If you
took even the most miniscule of risks regularly, even only once in the
span of each century, then it is not credible that you would be here,
alive. Fate is fickle.'' The voice from the box formed an artificial
chuckle. ``On that, you may take my word.''

``Interesting,'' said Meldh, pleasantly. He did not comment further, but
tilted his head to one side. He lifted one palm and stretched it to the
box, and whispered some words with syllables as harsh as knives.

After some time, Meldh lowered his palm and raised his eyebrows. ``Ah.
This box. There used to be three of these. I do not know if the others
survive. But this is well. Destroying this one will ensure that, even if
the others exist, they are useless for their other purposes.'' He
smiled, gently. ``Kári Orden would be amused to see one of her boxes
used as a zoo.'' He leaned forward, reaching out his hand as though to
touch the box. He stopped short, however, his palm held over the fine
black surface. A whisper of red light flickered across the box's
surface.

``You little tyrants have always been useful. You swirl like a
whirlwind, drawing lore and devices into your chaotic storm. You kill
off rivals, steal items of power, and break open hidden hoards. And
eventually, thanks to a hero -- and sometimes with the help of the Lethe
Touch or the Ritual of Home or the Dustukhíascue -- you and much of what
you've gathered are destroyed.'' Meldh straightened back up, smiling
again. ``You do the world much good with your attempted evil.''

Across the small room, Harry was gathering himself to his feet, finally.
His face was reddened with emotion, and his hair had come loose across
his shoulders. He looked as though he'd been to war.

``You are here to end me,'' said Voldemort.

``Oh, yes,'' said Meldh. ``Sixty years after my last victory over you,
when we played at~\emph{shatranj}. A poignant moment, perhaps.''

``Then I am in the most enjoyable position of advantage. All roads lead
to my will. That has not been the case for some time,'' said Voldemort.
``You will forgive me for taking some pleasure in the situation.''

``Sir, he has cast a unique spell -- a new version of the Horcrux
spell,'' said Harry. His voice still sounded strained, but he was
upright and trying as hard as possible to help. ``If he is killed, or
manages to kill himself, or even if he is simply returned to a human
brain that the spell recognizes, then his spirit will be free to
resurrect in another place. We developed a way to detect the Horcrux
network and have destroyed many of them, but many others still
remain\ldots{} including at least one that is far beyond our means at
the moment.''

``My contingencies are numerous, laid over the course of many years and
reinforced during the year of my return,'' said Voldemort. The bland
voice conveyed a hint of mockery, somehow. ``With the Goblet of Fire and
the Resurrection Stone, two of the most potent artifacts still in
existence, I have laid my traps.''

Meldh nodded, smiling pleasantly, and glanced back at Harry. ``Is that
so, Mr.~Potter?''

``No, sir. As far as I can tell, Voldemort never had access to the
Goblet of Fire, despite what he says,'' Harry said, slowly. Voldemort
made no reply or contradiction. ``It is locked away in the Department of
Mysteries\ldots{} they consider it Cadmean Class: too dangerous to use
or research. It was kept in a vault that is inside of some sort of
magical lake or pond or something -- some security to put it beyond
everyone's reach without the Line of Merlin -- and it has been there for
many years, since they stopped holding the Triwizard Tournament. Even
I've never seen it, although I did spend some time looking for its
companion device -- or the pieces of it, anyway.'' Harry held up his
left hand, clad in a fingerless glove much like the one he would
ordinarily be wearing on his right, and tapped the smooth round
decoration that was slightly raised from its palm. ``Ancient and
powerful enough to be effective decoys for the real Philosopher's
Stone.'' Harry paused, thoughtfully, and a drop of sweat trickled down
the side of his face. He added, ``But I suspect that the Professor only
said this because he wanted that information, since he anticipates going
free once killed.''

``And will he, Mr.~Potter?'' asked Meldh, gently.

``Some time ago, some researchers with the Tower and the Unspeakables --
Mafalda Hopkirk, Dolores Umbridge, Luna Lovegood, Basil Horton, and
Nemeniah Salieri -- adapted a Dark Detector to be extremely sensitive
and able to detect even the weakest of magical energies. It didn't have
much initial use, since in any magical area, the background magical
energies would swamp it. But more recently, we developed that,'' Harry
answered, pointing at the Lovegood Leaf. ``It consumes ambient magic in
the air. It's proven to be useful in allowing us to employ Muggle
devices alongside magical ones, sir, but when combined with
thaumometers, we are able to trace even very faint magical connections
such as Floo networks\ldots{} or a network of Horcruxes. He has
many\ldots{} but he is now separate from all of them except the
Resurrection Stone, since they are all outside of the Tower. This is a
world apart. But while the Resurrection Stone or any other Horcrux is
present in the Tower within the Mirror\ldots{} yes, he could go free. It
is best not to kill him, sir.''

``These are things I saw in Mr.~Potter's mind, Lord Voldemort, and all
quite true,'' said Meldh, turning back to the box. ``You might
understand why I was interested, since you have correctly divined that
I\ldots{} implied a rather greater age than is strictly accurate.''

There was a long pause.

``Lord Foul,'' said Voldemort.

``Archon Heraclius Hero,'' corrected Meldh, still smiling. ``But yes, I
am known to history as the `Slithering One' or `Lord Foul,' thanks to
the very effective tales of four famous witches and wizards.''

Harry was staring openly at Meldh, awe and disgust and pain all in
combat on his face. ``You're Herpo the Foul\ldots{} who invented the
Horcrux spell? Who fought Rowena Ravenclaw, Godric Gryffindor, Salazar
Slytherin, and Helga Hufflepuff?''

``Yes. Good people, all -- or rather, well-intentioned. But even then,
in my youth, I saw further than such as they. I knew the dangers of
will-work -- broaching other worlds and inviting them into our own. Even
then, I could not understand why so few wizards understood the lessons
of Atlantis.'' Meldh shook his head, ruefully. ``The great school of
Hogwarts had been prophesied -- indeed, prophecy was perhaps the very
thing that led those four to band together, for what else but great
glory and great threat could have done so? -- and so I attempted to
intervene. A mighty stronghold of magical education and research was not
in the best interests of the world, and I wished to save us all,'' said
Meldh, agreeably and without a trace of pride.

``You failed and died, if the stories are true,'' said Voldemort.

``Yes. But I was not gone, thanks to some precautions. And my efforts
were noticed by another,'' replied Meldh. ``But of that we shall not
speak.''

``Very well,'' said Voldemort. ``Then your purpose remains the same? I
wonder if Mr.~Potter is still able to appreciate the irony? Are you
intact in there, behind this spell of control?''

``The Lethe Touch,'' said Meldh, helpfully, smiling again.

``I have read of it,'' said Voldemort curtly. ``So, Mr.~Potter -- do you
see the irony?''

``Yes, Professor,'' said Harry, closing his eyes once more and wrapping
his arms around his stomach. ``It's me. And I can see the irony.''

``What is the irony?'' asked Meldh, curious.

``We have the same goals -- maybe even many of the same values, sir,''
said Harry. ``Or rather, I have one goal now, to serve you as best I
can, but before --''

Meldh shook his head and waved his hand dismissively. ``I understand,
it's all right,'' he said. ``You mean that we both wish to save the
world.''

``And yet you fundamentally disagree, Mr.~Potter. It is not a question
of truth or evidence, is it?'' asked Voldemort. ``You have the same
purpose in the same world, and yet you disagree. And how was that
disagreement resolved?''

``With force,'' said Harry, reluctantly. ``My mind was altered against
my will.''

Meldh glanced with interest back and forth between Harry and the box.
``I do not understand the messages hidden beneath the surface, here, but
I have observed your minions often enough, Mr.~Potter, to know that you
have no objection to force. You have several individuals in your employ
whose efforts are directed almost exclusively to force -- stunning
Muggles and providing them with new memories as you deem fit.''

``Weaponizing cognitive dissonance,'' said Harry, nodding again, even
more reluctantly. ``But the Professor is offering me a lesson on
dominance, not ethics.''

``I see,'' said Meldh. ``Well then, I believe we have spent enough time
at this. Enough time here.'' He adjusted the front of his simple robes,
and looked around them. ``This is a threat that you did not have the
heart to end -- a threat that you still call `Professor.' A threat that
has managed to worm within your heart and mind, despite being imprisoned
and powerless. The world has nothing to gain from this creature's
existence, and much to lose.'' Meldh did not appear saddened by his
words, but neither did he seem happy -- or even cold. Rather, he spoke
with a quiet and inoffensive resignation. ``Unless you have something
else you wish to say, Lord Voldemort?''

``Will you entertain argument?'' asked Voldemort, calm in his own right.

``I will listen to anything you wish to say, but no, I will not change
my mind,'' said Meldh. ``I am sorry. You are too dangerous, and your
restraints are too uncertain. My purpose has not changed since the
fields of Alto Alentejo, among the broken marble of Estremoz, where I
led my tarasque and Dementors in a great battle against four titans from
prophecy. Neither the double death of a Hero and his name, that day, nor
the long passage of millennia since have altered my purpose, which I
have sought in a thousand different ways on a thousand different days. I
will not give you a cruel and false hope. Your fate awaits, and will not
change.''

``I see,'' said Voldemort.

Harry's hair was wild, half-covering his face. Some strands stuck to one
cheek, wet with tears.

``Then let me say this,'' said Voldemort, speaking with leaden
seriousness. ``It is not too late.''

Meldh smiled, but didn't reply. He listened.

``Truly,'' Voldemort went on, ``you even now have the chance for an
equitable and peaceful solution. If you undo your control of Mr.~Potter
and his little friends, he will not seek vengeance for what you have
done. Astoundingly and against all sense, he will be willing to work
with you -- to find a path forward. He believes he is a hero, and he
believes heroes must always show mercy and seek the path of nonviolence
where possible. He is not troubled by the conflict between effectiveness
and mercy that is obvious to you and me.

``To all appearances, you have found an easy victory here. That should
be the most obvious of warning signs. Mr.~Potter's footsteps are
littered with the corpses of those who once thought him their catspaw.
And I assure you, as a ragged and trapped spirit who once opposed him,
that Mr.~Potter's cataclysms are all the more terrible for their lack of
malice. His cruelty is beyond even my own imaginings, for it results
from misguided mercy\ldots{} and should you be so fortunate as to
survive, you will not even have the consolation of hate.

``Take my advice, old one. Relent. Recant. Retreat.''

Meldh waited to be sure Voldemort was done, then mildly replied, ``I
think not.'' He sounded amused at the thought. ``Your kindness is
appreciated, however. Why not simply enjoy the thought that the boy will
destroy me in due course? He himself has no knowledge of any such plans,
I assure you, but why do you show such benevolence?''

Voldemort laughed. It was a cold, mocking laugh, twisting the limits of
the generic male voice. For just a moment, it sounded exactly like the
Professor Quirrell that once was: cynical and clever, cruel and caustic.
A broken man who was without joy or love, and who found solace only in
the cold pleasure of ambition fulfilled and dominance achieved. Mentor
and monster.

``I am offering you fair warning and a peaceful alternative,'' Voldemort
said, and there was triumph in his words. ``If you truly do not
understand that these words are the greatest damage I can do to you,
then you will deserve your fate.''

``I hope that you find comfort in such thoughts,'' said Meldh, softly.
He turned to Harry. ``Do what we discussed, please, Mr.~Potter. The
world is more important than sentiment.''

``Yes, sir,'' Harry said. He pulled his wand out of his sleeve. He and
Meldh both walked over to the entrance to the extended space -- the
narrow corridor buzzing with traps and wards.

Harry pulled a lump of tungsten from his pocket. \emph{``Geminio},'' he
cast on it, twirling his wand over its surface. One lump became two, and
after a moment, that became four, then there were seven, then twelve,
then twenty. Within seconds, metal began to clatter from Harry's palm.
He tossed what was left in his hand across the room, scattering it, and
the tungsten continued replicating itself even as it flew through the
air: thirty-three, fifty-four, eighty-eight, lumps of metal raining
down, cracking loudly on the stone and a black box that shivered with
red light.

Harry and Meldh stepped back into the corridor, and Meldh gestured at
the door. Thin blue crystal grew from the ceiling and floor, covering
the entrance. It was translucent, and through its cerulean screen the
two wizards watched as the room rapidly filled with replicating metal.
Normally, it would decay and vanish before too long. But the
Philosopher's Stone, embedded in Harry's right glove, could make it
permanent. It was not a trick he'd often used, since it threatened the
illusion of ``special Transfiguration webs'' that they used to explain
the feats of the Tower healers.

After a very short time, there was no more room left in the small
chamber beyond the blue crystal. The replicating metal filled all
available space. The two wizards could no longer see anything but a
blue-tinted irregular wall of metal. Harry ended the Gemino Curse with a
touch of his will, lowering a trembling wand to his side. His teeth were
gritted, and the back of his robes was dark with sweat.

Meldh folded his arms, and they stood there, quietly. Gently, the older
wizard asked, ``Would it help you to take a moment?''

``Yes, sir,'' said Harry, laboriously. ``I'm sorry\ldots{} it's
difficult to manage my feelings.'' He shuddered and wrapped his arms
around his stomach, clutching himself and bending over slightly.

``I understand,'' Meldh said. He reached forward and touched the blue
crystal screen with one finger, and an opening appeared -- no more than
a palm-span wide. A few chunks of tungsten fell through and free, but
the pressure from above kept most of them in place.

Harry tried to stand up straight and raise his wand, but shuddered
again, bending back over. He gasped, ``I just\ldots{} I'm\ldots{}''

``Let me help you,'' Meldh said. Gently, he lifted Harry's arm, raising
it until the wand in the young man's grip was at the level of the hole
in the screen. ``You may say goodbye, if you wish.''

``Goodbye, Professor!'' Harry screamed.

His face reddened as he screamed it again -- screamed it as loudly as he
could.

``Goodbye, Professor! Goodbye! I'm sorry!''

\emph{Screamed}~the words\ldots{} to try to be heard through the mass of
metal, to try to be heard through everything.

There was a reply. It should have been impossible, really. Harry had
cast the Thoughtsay Ritual himself, following the dictates of parchment
scrupulously, and it should not have been able to get so~\emph{loud}.
But it happened, nonetheless, by whatever trick or manipulation. And
that reply was not forgiveness or kindness or pleading.

It was scorn.

``\emph{Bah}!'' howled Lord Voldemort with a cold laugh, a last word of
mockery and hatred, and then the voice failed with a warble and squeal
of magical sound.

There was silence.

Meldh frowned. ``No grace, even now. A sad end. Do it,'' he commanded.

Harry closed his eyes and touched his wand to the pieces of tungsten in
the room. After a moment, they gently slipped out of shape, flowing
together, forming a solid mass -- an immense plug of metal, filling
almost the whole room and burying Voldemort in a metal coffin ten feet
thick.

Then Harry lifted his other hand and pressed the Stone of Permanence,
loose in his grip, to the surface of the metal.

And that was the story of Tom Riddle.

\mybreak

\emph{Hermione's Mobile Mary, Powis Castle, Wales}\\
\emph{May 19th, 1999}\\
\emph{The next morning}\\

Hermione awoke with tears on her face. She'd been dreaming of Granville.
She could hear the echo of his cry still -- hear the joy of it.

``Hermione?'' said Esther, pushing open the door to the Mobile Mary
gently, peering inside the darkened space. Morning sunlight was visible
outside, bright on the gardens of Powis. ``Sorry, but there's a message
for you from Harry. You asked to be woken? Are you all right?''

Wiping her face on her sleeve, Hermione nodded, sniffling. She sat up.
``Yes\ldots{} just a bad dream. What does Harry want?''

Esther held up a parchment. ``Nothing serious, it seems like\ldots{} he
just wants you to come around. Says he has someone he wants you to
meet.''
