\hypertarget{hell}{%
\chapter{Hell}\label{hell}}

\emph{And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.}

\emph{And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they
found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.}

\emph{And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn
them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for
morter.}

\emph{And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose
top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be
scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.}

\emph{And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the
children of men builded.}

\emph{And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all
one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be
restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.}

\emph{Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that
they may not understand one another's speech.}

\emph{So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all
the earth: and they left off to build the city.}

\qsource{\emph{Genesis 11:1-8}}

\mybreak

\emph{Trafalgar Square, London}\\
\emph{May 19th, 1999}\\
\emph{4:40 PM}\\

The deep timbre of the anchor's voice was so low-pitched that it was
hard to understand over Andrea's earpiece, and she had to ask him to
repeat his question. She held one hand over the earpiece, both to help
her make out his bass rumble and to serve as a visual excuse for the
repetition.

``Andrea, have you been able to speak to anyone there to get an idea of
what's happening?'' Bill repeated in an anchor's practiced voice: warm
and concerned, but confident enough to reassure. Andrea was reasonably
certain that his sort were grown in a vat somewhere.

``There is a lot of confusion, and a lot of fear, Bill,'' she said,
shaking her head and using the obvious for filler as she planned the
rest of her response. ``We're not sure what is going on, but we know
that it's something serious\ldots{} and something dangerous. Officials
here will only say that there has been a dangerous incident to our south
-- something so dangerous that they've evacuated everyone from the
government buildings in Whitehall: the office of the Treasury, the Old
Admiralty, and very nearly the whole of this area, the seat of the whole
British government.''

``And just to confirm, we haven't been able to get any more details?
Theories right now range from some sort of chemical spill to an attack
with biological weapons, and many experts have stated that they believe
this incident is related to the recent mass disappearances around the
world.''

``There are no details available, Bill, but we can hear regular
explosions coming from beyond the cordon\ldots{} and the police here are
preventing us from advancing any further,'' Andrea said.
\emph{Especially after what happened to the BBC crew.} The thought of
those poor people -- of what she'd seen on the feed from their cameras
-- it made her skin crawl.

There were seventeen crews here, and they'd all huddled around a monitor
set up on the back gate of the BBC ops truck. They'd sworn not to say
anything until they were cleared to do so by the authorities. How could
they do otherwise?

The rough footage showed the crew advancing down the riverwalk on the
Victoria Embankment, skirting a police cordon that hadn't yet been
established. One of the producers was audible, talking to the other in
rough, quiet tones as they moved at nearly a jog down the pavement.
There was a buzz of indiscriminate noise behind her words, and
eventually it grew loud enough that they all fell silent, rather than
raising their voices to be heard. The late afternoon sun cut sharp
shadows from the trees to their right. No one else was visible.

The BBC crew had paused for a moment to get an establishing shot of the
river and Big Ben, turning the camera south along the deserted street
and panning past a long line of motionless cars and buses.

Then the camera had rocked and swerved, dipping forward as someone made
a guttural sound of surprise or alarm. For a moment, all that was
visible was blurry pavement, and then the camera reared back up and to
the right. For one sickeningly long second -- no more than a second -- a
heavyset woman in a thick, tan apron was visible, eyes wide and staring.
Her hair was streaming down the side of her face, torn loose from a bun,
and there was a thick section of pipe clutched in her hands. It was
covered in blood, and a matted wad of gorey hair dangled from its end.
There were other people visible behind her, packed into a dense mob.
They were marching steadily forward in a single mass that parted around
the Fleet Air Arm Memorial statue, heading towards the BBC crew. A few
people were distinct in the crowd: a man with a rifle in his hands, a
child with a knife, a woman with some sort of large tube hugged to her
chest.

Then the second was past, and the camera lurched away and leapt at the
pavement, smashing itself dark.

``We know her Majesty the Queen has been confirmed as safe, and also the
British Prime Minister,'' said the anchor, ``but how much is this going
to impact the government there?

Andrea nodded thoughtfully to show that this was a meaningful
conversation and not just speculation, and answered, ``Some of the most
important leaders of the country may be in danger, but we just don't
know enough yet to say for sure, Bill.''

``Thank you, Andrea. We'll be back with you later. Stay safe out
there,'' Bill said, and she nodded sagely, as though she had a fucking
clue whether or not she was safe. ``Let's turn now to analysis from
Lieutenant General Hassan. General, what are some of the possibilities
we might be looking at?''

\mybreak

\emph{The entrance to the Ministry of Magic, Gwydyr House, London}\\

After ten minutes of hell, the aurors began using lethal spells. There
hadn't been any order to that effect, but in a moment of desperation or
anger an auror animated the centaur statue on the fountain in the center
of the atrium. The stone sculpture clopped down off of its perch with
granite feet, nocked an arrow, and sent the yard-long stone bolt across
the atrium and through the chests of two Muggles. They crumpled to the
ground, dead. Two other Muggles snatched up their weapons -- a knife and
a gun -- but a taboo had been broken. Another auror lit the clothing of
his attackers on fire with a word, and the room dissolved into blood and
battle.

Some of the staff and aurors at the Ministry recognized what was
happening for what it was. The more learned wizards and the amateur
historians knew why the time-turners weren't working and why they
couldn't Apparate, even though the only enemy visible was a monstrous
wall of hate-faced Muggles. They'd read the stories of the great battles
of the old days, when warlord wizards had matched their armies against
each other.

At least now there was no more wondering about where the missing Muggles
had gone, stolen in their thousands from cities around the world. Some
were here. \emph{Many}~were here.

History was full of accounts of wars much like this one; as the Mhlongo
Scroll said, ``\emph{The most fundamental principle of war is control.
Your beasts are a steady wave, and it is your task to unsteady your
opponent, the better to wet them. Direct your attacks so as to limit
their options, not to damage the foe. Then the waves will overtake
them.''}

Casting spells took energy and will. Even the most powerful wizard
wouldn't have an infinite supply of both. Keep them pinned down and
eliminate their options for escape. Eventually, they would tire or make
a mistake or lose heart. And as every student of magical history knew,
that's when the Muggles got you.

The wars of armies and attrition had been gone for generations,
abandoned with the Statute of Secrecy and the creation of modern magical
nation-states after the Peace of Westphalia. Private armies of Muggles
were not conducive to secrecy nor governance, and they had become a
thing of the past.

Unfortunately, it seemed the past had caught up with them.

The well-equipped and well-trained aurors stationed at the Ministry of
Magic had done their jobs. Those few stationed outside had alerted their
compatriots the instant the massed wall of humanity had charged down the
street towards the Ministry, a mad parade of mayhem that seemingly had
come from nowhere. The aurors had managed to evacuate almost everyone
except for active defenders; they'd gotten out word of the attack; and
they'd sealed the Ministry at three points. The stout doors hadn't
stopped the Muggle mob for very long, but successive layers of wards and
traps had sealed away the atrium for nearly an half hour, despite the
concussive power of the weapons the Muggles had brought. Bodies soon
littered the streets outside, mounded up among the Muggle government
buildings, torn by shards of crystal, burnt by acid, and otherwise
ruined by every craft of magic. It was magical slaughter, and it was
madness. But the Ministry stood.

Then chariots of fire swept down into the atrium from some sideways
place, drawn by horses of stomping flame, and Muggles began to pour out
among the defenders -- far more than should ever have fit on those
chariots, as though the phaetons of fire had no limits on their
capacity. It was a novel attack, an~\emph{impossible}~attack, casting an
army in the midst of the aurors despite the thick protections that
should have prevented such transportation.

Many of the Muggles were already injured or covered with blood, stained
with the efforts of previous misdeeds. They attacked with purpose and
intensity, but showed no malice or madness. They had guns, clubs,
knives, and improvised weapons. And there seemed no end to them.
Hundreds. Thousands. More.

The atrium soon began to fill with the dead and dying. One auror team
fought to create a new perimeter, conjuring acrid smoke in clouds enough
to choke the Muggles. But their attackers only staggered forward through
the smoke, climbing over the fallen in an endless flood of grim murder,
beating savagely on shields and wards with their weapons.

The defenders tore through them: stabbing hails of splinters; infectious
pulses of green light; blasts of acid-filled wind. Each dead Muggle was
replaced with two more, and when shields began to fail under the rain of
blows, attackers began to slip through the gaps. Determined fingers
seized one auror's arm when he was a trifle too slow, dragging him down
in an instant. A man with an iron club smashed it against the wizard's
skull, and he stopped moving. The man pulped the auror's head with two
more blows before the Killing Curse took him from the world. Too late.

The defenders fell back to a choke point. They abandoned the atrium,
filling it with a last billowing cloud of fire and smoke, and then took
the elevators down a floor to the DMLE. They destroyed the magical
lifts, filled the shaft with rubble, and began creating traps and
barriers.

It should have been impossible for Muggles to breach the Ministry
proper. But then, it should have been impossible for Muggles to even
find the entrance to the Ministry, much less break through to the
atrium.

The defenders made frantic calls on their bubblers for reinforcements,
desperate to create some kind of plan to drive away the enemy. The
possibility of simply abandoning the premises was considered, but
discarded; it wasn't a matter of pride or principle that they needed to
retain control, but rather a concern for all the objects safeguarded in
the Department of Mysteries, and the hidden hand that might be seeking
them. There were secret and powerful things under guard there, some
beyond the understanding of the Unspeakables themselves, and they could
not be allowed to fall into the wrong hands.

Two dozen wizards arrived by Vanishing Cabinet, and two dozen more began
to harry the close-packed horde surrounding the Ministry, killing as
many as they could with their most devastating spells. Still other
aurors flew to Gringotts, hoping to beg or bribe to borrow the dragons
that the goblins kept. Beasts had been a method of Muggle control too,
once. Such control might even have been their intended purpose. At this
moment, however, the doors were found sealed, and another hope dashed.

The wizards were remembering and employing some of their more creative
methods of killing~\emph{en masse}. The Butterball Charm turned the road
liquid, drowning its victims in a slurry of slippery stone. Mandrakes
had been fetched, and their screams killed everyone around them. And
magical fires consumed Muggle after Muggle. The enemy fell in droves.
But there was simply~\emph{no end}~to the Muggles. There were thousands
of them, pouring in every minute without stop, unleashed from some
hidden hoard of humanity. It wasn't fair. No, worse than that\ldots{} it
wasn't even~\emph{sane}. It was as though the hidden hand behind the
attack didn't care about their forces or any perceivable objective. It
was all pointless -- all the fear and blood and anger.

Some of the Muggles had little packages that exploded. Blastbombs.
Inside the Ministry, those who had fallen back to the lower level felt
the stone around them shake and heard explosions, and cast grim looks at
each other. Even if the explosives couldn't really reach them,
eventually more flaming chariots would arrive among them.

The Muggles were coming. Endless. Remorseless. The defenders of the
Ministry of Magic were fighting an ocean, and the ocean was winning.

It is perhaps understandable that some began to weep when they heard
from their bubblers that a wave of Muggles, packed in a plenitude
without end, had appeared at Hogsmeade. And there was no one to stop
them, for there were other attacks happening\ldots{} all over the world.
Even the Tower was under attack, locked down and sealed off. Tears were
only natural.

Many of the aurors had children at Hogwarts, after all.

\mybreak

\emph{``Oh, sacred Ether and you winds, masters of speed! You, waters of
rivers and you, endless laughter of Ocean's waves! Oh, Mother Earth! And
you, Sun, who sees all!}

\emph{Look at me! Look at my suffering, I, a god who must suffer the
punishment of gods!}

\emph{Look at what outrageous torment I must endure for countless years!
Look at these dire shackles this new ruler of the Gods has devised for
me!}

\emph{Ah! Ah! I groan for my suffering now and for all the suffering to
come. When will I see their end?}

\emph{But what am I saying? I know the future and all that it will bring
and I know all my suffering beforehand, so I must endure as best I can
what Necessity has sent upon me because she cannot be resisted.}

\emph{Yet, neither can I speak nor stay silent about this agony that I
am forced to suffer. I've hunted down and stolen, inside the hollow of a
fennel's stalk, the seed of fire, a gift that has proven itself to be
the teacher of every craft and the greatest resource for humans. Such is
the crime I have committed and this is the penalty I am to suffer:
nailed and chained on this rock beneath the open sky.''}

\qsource{\emph{Prometheus Bound,}~Aeschylus}

\mybreak

\emph{Tidewater, Boston, United States of America}\\
\emph{Earlier}\\
\emph{The same day}\\

It was a fine, clear afternoon, and Councilor Littlebrook Strongbound
was having his mulled egg-wine on the grotto balcony. The Alþing had a
lovely view of the harbour, sticking up from among the lesser buildings
of Tidewater with sharp concrete edges, and one of the small perks of
his long tenure on the Council was access to an office like this one. He
sipped his drink and looked out on the water, sighing contentedly.

Already, today had been a productive day. Hig had been playing things
close to the vest for months when it came to the Brits and their damned
Treaties. Strongbound had known it was all a power play by his old foe.
He'd tried to shore up support along traditional lines, making a deal
with that little snakeling son of Lucius, only to discover that the
little brute had turned the whole Independence movement out for fools,
capitalizing on the idiocy of the Thunderer and the Cappadocians' brute
hatred, precipitating a conflict that was obviously doomed from the
start. The very evening of that one-day war had left the Malfoy boy in a
position to negotiate his way into the top of that stupid Tower
hospital/school/Thing, but had left all of his erstwhile allies out in
the cold. There was no chance of a better deal at that point, and so
they had supported him, reasoning that it was better to have a seat at
the table than be left alone in the world.

Now it was becoming clear that the Malfoy boy had few ideals, if any,
and was just waiting for his chance to depose the scar-faced pottery
king. And Hig -- damn that ugly stump! -- was in the catbird seat.
Strongbound could see it, now\ldots{} Hig had spent months railing
against the ``new dark lord'' and the Treaty for Health and Life in
order to maximize his bargaining position. Then Hig made one trip to
Britain, and suddenly he was open to a deal. And the deal he made with
the Goddess just happened to include enormous subsidies to Salem and the
Russell Institute, arithmancers to ``help'' with the Council finances,
the end to damnable British support for the damned Cypriots, and the
elimination of tariffs. Hig claimed personal credit for the feat --
meaning that he could claim the gratitude of the monied merchants, the
support of the elites, and the appeasement of all the Turcophiles who'd
long distrusted him.

But today, Strongbound would finally begin to make inroads. He examined
the drink in his fingers, smiling at the thought. Ever since the centaur
bill, Hig had held the upper hand on access to the Earnest Ears Bureau.
More of his review requests were approved by the oversight committee
than anyone else, meaning he had access to essentially any of the wealth
of information that the Council programs were always bringing in.
Finally, though, Strongbound had struck gold with one of his own
requests -- one of the few he'd gotten past the committee -- and soon,
things would change. A delightful, dirty little secret between two of
the councilors on the committee, and now he knew it. It was leverage,
and that leverage would translate into information, and that information
would translate into power.

Strongbound sipped his warm drink, and began to be happy and make plans.

``Hoooo,'' called someone from the street, their voice lilting and
strange. Strongbound frowned, and leaned forward, to peer over the
balcony railing. There was no one standing on the cobblestones below:
the afternoon light showed nothing but a scrap of lone parchment
scraping its way along in the gentle breeze.

Strongbound leaned back.

There was someone behind him. He could feel it.

He turned.\\

\emph{Large eyes. Black and oily. Wet.}\\
\emph{White skin. Flaky, run through with spidering cracks. Ragged in
places, as gnawed.}\\
\emph{Long, thin limbs. Sparse flesh. Lumpy joint.}\\
\emph{Mouth. Smile.}\\
\emph{Smile.}\\

\emph{The thing turned hand finger open smile. Teeth dark touching
rough. Rasping. Skin part yawn moving scream. Night whisper lust end
cut. Thousand no my ripping beyond wet. Rough. Red. Black. Black. Cut.
Scream.}

\emph{Smile.}

\mybreak

It took Councilor Littlebrook Strongbound a very long time to die.

When he finally did, the Alþing of the Mystical and Benevolent Council
of Westphalia was left quiet and empty of life. A bundiwig remained to
walk the halls alone, pausing to lick wet spots on the floor now and
again, its swarming mass of chizpurfles milling about on its back. The
gaunts moved on to the next taste of magic and time, moving from
building to building in Tidewater. None escaped, their magic dying in
their veins. Viscs lazily flapped through the air in their wake, borne
on tissue-thin wings.

\mybreak

\emph{Hogsmeade, Scotland}\\
\emph{At the same time}\\
\emph{The same day}\\

While a few stubborn and brave wizards stood their ground to try to
drive off some of the Muggles, almost all the residents and workers of
Hogsmeade evacuated their little village as soon as they saw the
steady-marching mass of the unmagical. The enemy's presence was known
instantly, of course. Even before the Tower existed, security
precautions had included the closest settlement to the school.
Nicomedius Salamander and Holly
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên had been stationed there. It
was a tedious assignment and one dreaded by aurors, but the pair had
voluntary service in Azkaban on their record, and so their careers had
stalled. They were on duty, standing idly outside of Honeydukes, when
they heard the first screams and saw someone send up red sparks.

Despite their current status, the two aurors were well-trained and
experienced. Salamander alerted the DMLE and the Receiving Room, while
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên took to the air to
reconnoiter the enemy.

Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên barely caught sight of the
mob before she was attacked. They were lucky or too numerous, and a
bullet tore through her outer thigh before she could shield herself
appropriately. She yelped and wobbled in her seat, but held on, pulling
up and away. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Firearms were surprising and
instantaneous, but they only shot bullets -- a repetitive and easily
countered attack. Even if Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên
hadn't been a Muggleborn, she would have been able to deal with a few
gun-toting Muggles.

A~\emph{thousand}~gun-toting Muggles were a different story. They were
crowding into Hogsmeade, their numbers so great that their weight
brought down fences, and several of them were actually being pushed
through shop windows as the village streets were filled to overflowing.
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên saw broad red puddles,
smeary with dozens of trudging Muggles, where they'd already seized some
poor innocents. She didn't see whoever it was who'd sent up red sparks,
but scraps of bloody robes were visible underfoot in front of Dervish \&
Banges. The front of the Magic Neep had been smashed in, and smoke was
pouring out.

Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên circled the mass in a wide
arc, high enough so that their thrown weapons fell short, and looked for
the wizards in control. \emph{Some sort of bus or plane must have
brought all of them}, she thought as she tore open a package of
Wondo-Slo-Blood, slapping the wet cloth on her leg. \emph{Too bloody
many for\ldots{} well, even portkeys wouldn't work. You'd need hundreds
of them.}

But she saw no apparent magical attackers and no apparent
transportation, which was very worrying. It was as though a football
stadium full of unusually well-armed hooligans had taken it upon
themselves to go have a pint at the Hog's Head, and had just walked
straight into a magically protected village that was stacked with
Anti-Muggle Charms.

Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên returned to Salamander,
finding him standing outside of the Three Broomsticks, and felt panic
rising in her guts. It got worse when Salamander told her curtly that
the Ministry was under siege by Muggles, and that the Tower had been in
lockdown and wasn't operational, and that there were a hundred other
things going wrong all over the world. Had the Statute of Secrecy just
been broken somehow, everywhere? Had Muggles gone to war on wizards?
She'd always thought that was Slytherin bunk, but there didn't seem to
be any alternative.

``Everybody safely out?'' she asked Salamander, dropping down next to
him. She remained on her broom, with one hand pressed to her thigh.

Salamander shook his head, and slammed the heel of one hand into the
inn's door again. ``No! Almost everyone responded to the alarm, but this
idiot won't leave -- I was about to knock in this door and drag her
out!''

Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên glanced over her shoulder.
The Muggles would be there in minutes, a well-armed wall of humanity.
She shouted at the door, ``Madame Rosmerta? It's Holly! You need to
leave -- you need to get out~\emph{now}! There are hundreds of Muggles
coming, and they've already killed some people! We can't protect you if
they try to get in and get you\ldots{} a few casks of butterbeer aren't
worth your life!''

There was a heavy thump, and the door opened. Madame Rosmerta peeked
out. She'd been rejuvenated, but she'd already been so young that her
appearance was little changed: bouncy brown hair, pale green eyes, and a
skeptical pinch to her mouth. ``Muggles? Well, why don't --''

``\emph{Confundus},'' Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên cast,
her wand a flicker of motion. She didn't bother with any alternate
states of mind, and leaving just a dull-witted confusion in place. She
pulled a Safety Stick from inside of her robes.

``Wait!'' said Salamander, reaching up to grab her wrist. ``The Tower
just got out of lockdown -- I already told you.'' He handed her a milled
metal rod, dimpled in the center. ``Use this. It's international, but I
don't have any others, and we can't take the time to side-along her.''

Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên didn't argue. She put the
rod right into Rosmerta's hands, then mimed a bending motion to the
woman. Rosmerta complied, a dull look in her eyes. The rod bent, and she
was lifted sideways and away, spinning off into a direction that didn't
exist and vanishing from sight with the familiar, comforting sound of a
portkey.

``Signal to Hogwarts. That's where they're headed. And call for help,''
said Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên. She kicked her broom
up to be even with the roof, and heard the sound of Muggle feet, far too
close.

``Call where?'' Salamander asked. ``Broom,'' he said to his pouch, and
mounted. He rose up next to her. ``The DMLE and the Tower are both under
attack. We can fly up to the castle, but who are we going to call to
come help? Those are the people who should be helping~\emph{us}!''

``Call~\emph{someone}~--~\emph{anyone}!'' snapped
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên. ``Bubble anyone you know
who's stationed at a Safety Pole. Or Howie -- maybe they can spare some
people.''

The two aurors pulled away as the first Muggles came into view. They
sped off towards the castle.

No one stationed at the Safety Poles or Howard Prison answered. Either
they were too busy -- an ominous possibility -- or they were unable to
pick up a bubbler at all -- a much worse possibility.

Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên and Salamander put on more
speed and tried to think of someone else they could call for
help\ldots{} someone who might answer quickly, and with force. The
Hogwarts grounds whipped by below, the Forbidden Forest looming large
and the school growing swiftly ahead of them as they approached.

Things were desperate, so Salamander resorted to desperate measures. He
bubbled a former auror who had been acting like a nutter for years. It
was true desperation, that it had come to this.

She picked up almost instantly, babbling in a strained rush. ``Hullo.
Just realized I missed a button and three weeks ago I saw a dog and it
looked at me and I thought of five good names for it but when I was
seventeen a dog vommed in my bed and so all the names had to do with
vomit and I'm very worried about things right now at the Tower and we're
about to leave so you better make this quick. Sorry about that, it keeps
happening, what is it?''

``Tonks,'' Salamander said, cupping the mirror with his hand and
shouting to be heard over the rush of wind. ``We need help!''

\mybreak

Everywhere, there were attacks. Everywhere, there were invaders. Salem,
Paris, Oslo, Huangzhou, Moscow, Cyprus, Johannesburg, Abuja, Dunedin.
Vast crowds of Muggles attacked, or hooting Unseelie, or newly-free dark
wizards in their dozens, or other\ldots{} things. It was a masterpiece
of coercion and coordination and carnage, as though some monstrous god
were raining down the wrath of armies upon the world. And in many
places, there was no help at all.

\mybreak

\emph{Godric's Hollow}\\
\emph{At the same time}\\
\emph{The same day}\\

The alarm had been raised, and there was no one to come.

Ten monsters stood on a clear ridge above the village, looking down a
steep slope at the thatched huts and low brick walls of the magical
settlement. The basilisks had been hooded, swaying in place
uncomfortably, and the terrasque stood as impassive as the rock from
which they had been made. Four wizards stood behind the monsters, wands
in hand. Their posture was tense and uncertain; they were not the
masters, rather merely the attendants to beasts beyond their ability to
truly control. The snakes and stones acted under the command of an
unseen presence, and those dark wizards who'd accepted the cheerful
offer of a chirpy young stranger now found themselves regretting that
choice.

Still, they were free. That was more than could be said yesterday. And
the power they had seen from their savior\ldots{} no, they would do as
they were told. They waited where they had been told to wait.

The defenders moved rapidly in the village below. Two of the
patrol-wizards were escorting one last protesting inhabitant out of his
home, a wizard who had refused to abandon his kneazles. The others were
working under the direction of the aurors and the Hit Wizard squad to
try to set up wards and traps -- even simple barriers of stone, whatever
they thought might slow down the earthbound enemy. There had been some
discussion of attacking the fiends on the ridge before the situation
deteriorated even further, but\ldots{} well, reason could be flexible in
the face of fear, even among the trained and brave. There were twoscore
wizards to defend the ancient village, and they were afraid.

Should they have fled? Abandoned Godric's Hollow and its treasures and
its history? Perhaps that would have been wise. But they did not go.
They found mirrors, instead, that they might bear the basilisk's gaze
from at least some distance, and they searched their memories for the
spells that might work -- some of them desperately trying to remember
combat magic for the first time in decades -- and they hoped for help.

No help came.

Goblins came instead.

The sound of their approach was like the grumbling of a great metal
dragon. One hundred goblins marched up onto the ridge from the west,
their armored boots slamming into the ground. They bore pennants fixed
to their spears, bright with the colors of inscrutable traditions and
clans. Many of them bore shields of silver or gold or bronze as well,
and every shield was different and every shield was beautiful.

They did not march in unison, but they had discipline enough, for at a
shouted signal, they came to an abrupt halt on the ridge's edge, twenty
yards from the monsters. One of the dark wizards behind the beasts
nodded solemnly, as if in greeting.

The goblins turned to regard the cowed defenders of Godric's Hollow.

\mybreak

\emph{The country was as noisy as a bellowing bull}

\emph{The God grew restless at their racket,}

\emph{Enlil had to listen to their noise.}

\emph{He addressed the great gods,}

\emph{``The noise of mankind has become too much,}

\emph{I am losing sleep over their racket.}

\emph{Give the order that}~surrupu\emph{-disease shall break out.''}\\

\qsource{\emph{The Epic of Gilgamesh}}

\mybreak

\emph{Hogwarts}\\

``The Tower is open again -- there was a takeover attempt,'' said
Salamander, lowering his bubbler.

In unison, all five of the Returned turned to stare at him, lowering
their wands. It was disturbing.

They stood in various places on the gentle slope in front of the
castle's gate, where a staircase led up to the main doors and Great
Hall. The path to Hogsmeade lay in front of them, time-smooth stones set
in cement-hard earth, while the Forbidden Forest stretched out to their
right, dark and dangerous. The Malfoy flying fortress,~\emph{The
Declaration of Intent}, was just visible to the left, around the edge of
the castle where the greenhouses were located.

``They're trying to sort things out, but the Goddess is fine,'' he said,
crossly.

Simon glanced at Susie. She returned the glance with a frown, then
turned back to Salamander. ``We're going then, love.''

He stiffened, staring at her. ``Are you insane?''

``\emph{Protego Totalum},'' cast Tonks, her wand dabbing lightly at the
air.

A few paces behind her, Simon was casting the same spell, and a few
paces behind~\emph{him}, Charlevoix was putting her own wards up. A
barrier against physicality was the best defense at the moment, layered
to buy time. Twelve aurors and five fanatical criminals couldn't do much
to stop that horde of Muggles, so they needed to delay them for as long
as possible. Every minute that passed was another minute to allow
reinforcements to arrive. With Time frozen -- they'd gotten the warning,
along with everyone else with a time-turner -- this was the best
strategy.

It was frustrating. On this day of insanity and emergency, the first
responses had gone to the Ministry and to the Tower, and the second
responses had gone\ldots{} well, everywhere else possible, really. Now,
even if they'd been able to contact the big hats who could countermand
previous orders, there was no one left that they could even reach to
help defend Hogwarts. It was~\emph{Hogwarts}~and all they could find
were seventeen wizards and witches to protect it!
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên had gone to enlist the
faculty and even the~\emph{prefects}~to help, but a swarm of a thousand
Muggles was marching on the school, only minutes away.

And now the Returned wanted to go cling to the Goddess' bloody skirts,
taking years of fighting experience and those golden gauntlet weapons of
theirs with them.

``We can't spare anyone. We need~\emph{ten times}~as many. You're not
going anywhere!'' Salamander protested, bristling.

``We're going to help Hermione,'' Simon said, firmly.

``No, you're not,'' said Nguyễn, limping through the open front doors of
the school, her voice fraught. ``There are protocols for Imperius and
Confundus infestation, and they're in effect. No one is going in or out
of the Tower. The Terminus is following the letter of the rules, and no
one is getting past the Receiving Room. And since you can't get in, you
might as well stay here and help protect Ms.~Granger's life.''

This was a blatant lie, Salamander knew. The lockdown was over, and the
Tower was probably the command center, like it had been during the
One-Day War. But he said nothing, and didn't meet her eyes. They
couldn't lose five battle-hardened combatants right now. Help would be
coming, but there was fighting everywhere\ldots{} they'd need every last
wand.

To that end, there were nearly forty people following
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên. Eight professors,
Salamander saw with some relief. Competent help. None of them were from
his own time, but he recognized most of them from one place or another,
anyway. Slughorn, Sprout, Flitwick, Hooch, Sinistra, Vector, and
Murkluk. He didn't recognize the fat one, but supposed he must be
Professor Placela, the teacher they'd brought in to replace the proper
Divination professor.

He was even glad to see the young adults who must be the prefects.
Fifteen years old was essentially an adult in many ways, and they'd be
able to at least keep themselves out of danger and cast some wards and
jinxes. Fifth-years would have some experience with Care of Magical
Creatures, after all, and that wasn't so different from handling an
angry Muggle. From the back lines, they'd be fine.

But there were at least twenty students who couldn't be past their
fourth year.

``We can't --'' Salamander began, glaring at one of them, and then he
paused. ``Where is everyone else? Where're Moody and the Tower aurors?''

``This~\emph{is}~everyone,'' said
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên. ``The Tower was almost
captured and all the most important people in the world are huddled up
in there, safe, but there's so much going on\ldots{} they're going to
send help as soon as they can.'' She sounded bitter. ``The Headmistress
and two professors are guarding the students and activating more of the
castle's defenses, but this is it.''

You couldn't Apparate into Hogwarts. Any aurors sent elsewhere -- to the
Ministry, to Antarctica, to wherever -- would be slow to return.

The Returned had already gone back to their preparations, turning their
eerie hollow-eyed stares back to their work. They were laying traps
along the path from Hogsmeade: Transfigured caltrops and blades, and
patches of slurry-soft earth. The little goblin Returned -- Og? Urg? --
was pulling little metal boxes from a pouch at his waist, fitting them
into the golden gauntlets he wore on both hands (unlike the others, who
only had one apiece).

``We can help, sir,'' said one young man, a good-looking boy with dark
skin and sharp cheekbones. ``I can help.'' He sounded as though he were
terrified, but his jaw was gritted.

``You're going to~\emph{die},'' Salamander said, harshly. ``We saw what
was out there and it's a bloody~\emph{army}.'' Best to be out with it.
Best for them to break now, rather than later.

``They know that,'' said Professor Slughorn, cutting in. His voice had
none of its mellow roundness. It was cool and tight. ``We all know that.
Auror Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên told us what we were
facing. And she told us that there was no one else.''

The sound of metal ringing on stone came from within the doors of
Hogwarts, and a line of animated armor and statues marched faultlessly
out of the school. They needed no direction and could endure
disenchantment. Old magic, not used in a very long time, and well beyond
anyone now alive.

``We're here to fight, sir,'' said the boy again. ``I know it's bigger
than us, but we can fight. We know things. It's\ldots{}'' He reached for
words, and again Salamander could see the fear in his eyes. The fear
that the young man was swallowing back like a stone. After an instant,
the boy seemed to find what he'd been trying to say. ``\ldots it's no
crime to reach beyond your grasp if you can see where you're reaching.''

A handful of other students gathered behind the boy, and Salamander had
the feeling that he was seeing through a glass darkly: a narrow view of
a complicated story.

``Bravo,'' whispered Professor Sinistra.

``Well said, boy,'' said Salamander, grudgingly. ``Well, we need to hold
here. We need to hold until help can arrive. You can help. What's your
name?''

``Lawrence,'' said the young man, raising his chin.

Salamander heard a rumble behind him. The Muggles were close. Professors
and aurors were already deploying, many of them mounting brooms. Others
took command of the students, putting them in the rear and giving them
strict instructions. He turned around, and felt his stomach tighten. He
glanced back at Lawrence as the boy was led away by Professor Slughorn,
squinting at the lining of the young man's robes. Green. ``You're a
Slytherin?''

``Yes, sir,'' said Lawrence, turning back to the auror, and in that
moment the fear was gone from his voice and his face, and he looked as
calm as the morning. ``A~\emph{Silver}~Slytherin.''

``They're coming!'' shouted Nguyễn, her broom rising rapidly into the
air to Salamander's left. ``Nicomedius, get on the line!''

Salamander forgot his surprise, and got himself sorted.

By the time the Muggles appeared down the slope, the battle order was
set. Behind the first layers of wards and shields, statues and suits of
armor were arrayed, armed with their own enchanted weapons or whatever
could be Transfigured for them.
Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên and a team of broom-mounted
aurors and professors were already in the air, flying towards the enemy;
they'd attack from behind and try to do as much damage to disable and
slow down the attackers as they could. The rest of the defenders were in
groups of three, arrayed just before the zig-zagging stairs that led to
the castle's main doors, except for the Returned, who'd formed their own
broom-mounted, tight contingent off to one side, seemingly away from the
main line of battle. The students were set on the staircase itself, in a
position of partial cover where they could do some damage without being
too vulnerable.

The fliers were out and off as soon as the Muggles were visible. The
leading front of the unmagical was broken and staggered by the traps
laid in their path. They weren't mindless, and took some care in their
approach, but their determination made them seem more like ants than
people: when a knot of Muggles tumbled into a hidden pit, caught or
killed on the barbs within, their compatriots didn't even slow. The
Muggles just kept coming. Some managed to shoot their guns here and
there, where Extinguishing Charms from the fliers had left a gap, but
even the rare impact fell on prepared shields.

As the Muggles drew in range, broken from their initial solid wave,
wizards and witches began to lay flames and blades of crystal and other
barriers in front. The Muggles pushed past and kept going, but their
advance came at a cost of time and blood. Their injured were crushed
underfoot. Scores died for every inch gained.

Salamander hurled curse after curse, and felt like he wanted to vomit.
It was butchery, not combat.

At some hidden signal known only to themselves, the Returned swept away
to the right, moving obliquely down the slope towards the Forbidden
Forest. Most of the Muggles ignored them, even though the hollow-eyed
fanatics continued to attack as they flew, lashing into the mass of the
enemy with curses and conjurations. They opened up a second front, far
enough away from the stairs to the main doors that the enemy was forced
to either divide their attention or simply endure the attacks smashing
into their flanks. Hammer and anvil.

The Muggles chose to ignore the attack, perhaps deciding that it was
pointless to send part of their massed waves at the highly mobile
Returned. Or perhaps the hidden wizard controlling them decided such. Or
perhaps they'd simply gone mad, and were not capable of responding
tactically. Whatever the cause, the Muggles just kept coming.

Before too long -- indeed, after a sickeningly short time -- they'd
reached the first layer of wards. Ten hands began hammering on the
unseen barriers, then twenty, then forty. The Hogwarts shields
responded, sparking lighting and fire into their attackers, but it just
wasn't enough. Though they died in droves, there were hundreds more to
take their place. Within a few minutes, the pressure of the smoking
bodies alone was enough to break the shields, collapsing from sheer
blunt trauma, like a wave crashing over a wall. Blood sprayed and foamed
as the first shield warped and wept crimson energy, and then failed.

Salamander gave up on flame, which was doing too little damage and had
no deterrent effect. He softened the earth instead, so Muggles were
swallowed into sudden holes, drowning in liquid soil and crushing their
allies beneath them.

He watched as the Returned began activating their gauntlets, pouring
geysers of swelling, sticky foam into the mass of Muggles. It was
effective, but short-lived, as those trapped were pressed down into the
foam, and others began avoiding it. Less effective were bursts of wind
or quantities of some stinging gas; neither did more than temporarily
slow forty or fifty of the enemy.

But there were just too many. That was all. No failure of strategy and
no surprises. Just hundreds upon hundreds of Muggles, pouring forward in
a thick mass. Thousands upon thousands. A city's worth of men and women.
More than should have been possible. More than was~\emph{sane}.

As more shields broke, the animated statues and armor began to step
forward and attack. They wielded whatever weapons they'd been provided:
one suit of armor swung a greataxe mechanically to and fro through
Muggle flesh, while a marble statue of Vindictus Viridian swung a club
of granite. The aurors and professors supported them, casting flames and
noxious smoke into the front lines, while the students picked off those
Muggles who broke past with the Sleep Hex.

The Returned poured fire into the flanks of the Muggles. Astonishingly,
it seemed like they were actually using Transfiguration: transforming
earth or flesh into thick clouds of acid or burning chemicals or
poisonous gas. Despite everything, Salamander was shocked. That was
madness -- the actions of someone who didn't expect to live through the
fight. But that was probably correct.

More than a thousand must have fallen already, Salamander thought
numbly, looking at the heaped dead on the slope before him. He lashed
arrows of steel through four Muggles, and then again through the ones
behind them. He was beginning to feel burned-through and hollow,
magically exhausted. They couldn't keep this up.

``\emph{Nicomedius},'' called a pleasant, silvery voice from his elbow.
Salamander glanced to the side only long enough to see a corporeal
patronus floating next to him. A cat. The Headmistress. ``\emph{Help is
coming. Ten minutes.}''

He lashed out with a wave of flame as one of the statues toppled over,
smashed too often by a Muggle's iron bar. Two of the suits of animated
armor were also down, and the Muggles had reached the second layer of
wards and shields. Salamander spared another quick glance around him.
Three of the fliers were down or dead. One of the professors had passed
out from magical exhaustion. And he saw, to his surprise, that Lawrence
was running away. He and a young woman had mounted brooms and were
fleeing away from the fight and to the left, where the greenhouses and
the looming shadow of~\emph{The Declaration of Intent}~were visible.

\emph{Slytherins}, he thought with disgust. Then he was fighting again,
ignoring the black spots that were beginning to dance in front of his
eyes.

``Hold the line!'' he screamed. ``Help is coming! Hold the line! Hold
the line!''

\mybreak

\emph{Miss Watson your runaway nigger Jim is down here two mile below
Pikesville and Mr.~Phelps has got him and he will give him up for the
reward if you send.} \qsource{\emph{HUCK FINN}}\\

\emph{I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had
ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do
it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking --
thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to
being lost and going to hell. And went on thinking. And got to thinking
over our trip down the river; and I see Jim before me, all the time; in
the day, and in the night-time, sometimes moonlight, sometimes storms,
and we a floating along, talking, and singing, and laughing. But somehow
I couldn't seem to strike no places to harden me against him, but only
the other kind. I'd see him standing my watch on top of his'n, stead of
calling me, so I could go on sleeping; and see him how glad he was when
I come back out of the fog; and when I come to him agin in the swamp, up
there where the feud was; and such-like times; and would always call me
honey, and pet me, and do everything he could think of for me, and how
good he always was; and at last I struck the time I saved him by telling
the men we had smallpox aboard, and he was so grateful, and said I was
the best friend old Jim ever had in the world, and the only one he's got
now; and then I happened to look around, and see that paper.}

\emph{It was a close place. I took it up, and held it in my hand. I was
a trembling, because I'd got to decide, forever, betwixt two things, and
I knowed it. I studied a minute, sort of holding my breath, and then
says to myself:}

\emph{``All right, then, I'll go to hell'' -- and tore it up.}

\qsource{\emph{Huckleberry Finn}, Mark Twain}

\mybreak

\emph{Godric's Hollow}\\
\emph{At the same time}\\
\emph{The same day}\\

One goblin stepped out in front of their gathered army. He was small,
but his bright-silver helmet had a proud tilt to it. When he leveled a
spear at Godric's Hollow, making some gesture to his fellows, the blade
was studded with a fat ruby, but the tip was sharp enough to shave the
sun.

Basilisks hissed quietly, and the terrasque stood with obdurate
stillness. Waiting for the signal to attack the wizards and consume
their flesh and taste their blood. Waiting.

The goblin handed the spear to another, and raised the visor of his
helmet. He had a sneer on his face as he stared down at the village. A
shiver ran up the collective spine of the defenders of the Hollow. They
looked at goblin silver and basilisk scale, and they knew despair.

The goblin removed a shining gorget from around his throat, and drew a
wand from a simple leather holster at his side. He waved it in the air
and touched it to his throat, saying something. Nothing happened, but
sharp-eyed wizards divined he was attempting the Amplifying Charm.

It was a simple spell, but it took him ten or eleven tries to cast it
properly. Still, considering it was the first time many of the wizards
had ever seen a goblin cast a spell, it was a remarkable achievement.
The goblin cleared his throat, and began to speak, his voice raw with
emotion and thick with a Gobbledegook accent.

``I am Bilgurd the Marrowed. I speak for the Urgod Ur, work-leaders of
the Great City of Ackle! I speak too for the Burgod Bur of Curd, the
Malwirt Mal of Podhurt, the Salwirt Sal of the Freihammer Mons, the Curl
of Shikoku, and the Curl of Waimate Wam, and the Curl of Singurd! I
speak for the goblin nation!''

His voice rang out over Godric's Hollow, the assembled monsters, and the
shaken defenders.

``We are goblins, and we do not forget!

``One thousand years ago, our cities were bright and proud with our
will-work -- the secret arts of transfiguration known only to us! Ackle
was a city of marble and diamond, beautiful to behold. Wizards saw the
will-work of the seven cities, and were jealous, and so men like Severus
Hortensius took our wands by force! Goblins were banned from owning
wands, and the seven cities became small and dark, and we do not
forget!''

Bilgurd's voice was black with bitterness.

``Five hundred years ago, we were wandless, and we had to rely on our
hammer-work and our wits! Yet still, wizardkind was jealous! Our goods
were taken by force; Gringotts of London and Lurgods of Kochi were
stolen from their rightful owners, and their gold heaped into wizarding
coffers! We were robbed, and still today that gold sits in the vaults of
wizards of noble blood, and we do not forget!''

Two of the dark wizards standing behind the basilisks and terrasque
exchanged mocking smiles, their unease forgotten in their contempt.

``Three hundred years ago, wizards decided that their dominance and
blood-thirst was not yet sated! Wizards -- that people that held elves
in thrall and murdered Muggles and hunted centaurs for sport -- these
wizards feared reprisal from their victims! And little wonder! And so
wizards closed themselves away from Muggles and decreed that no goblin
could ever again roam free on the land! Wizards dared to lock away
entire peoples in a bondage of secrecy so complete that few even
question its justice! We have been bound by the Statute for centuries,
though our Things have no voice in the Confederation that gives it
authority, and we do not forget!''

A silverwork goblin helmet shifted to turn to regard the monsters
nearby, and the shiny mirror of its brow shone like a lesser moon.

``Since time began, the mudwater wizards of the world have stolen from
us -- taken our will from us and borne it away in pieces. The fruit of
our forges and the light of our souls, put on display or waved around
like trophies, and justified
through~\emph{illegal}~and~\emph{unconscionable}~contracts, as though
any goblin could contract away his soul! Betrayal burns in every stolen
suit of armor and every stolen spear, in every goblin-work mirror and
every hoarded blade. Our hammer-work has been stolen, just as our power
of will-work was stolen, and we do not forget!''

Bilgurd's shouts died down. He paused, then spoke again, quietly and
with emotion.

``Goblins have honour. A new wizard spoke to us, of ancient name and
great lore. The Archon, he called himself. The Archon Meldh. He knew
that we had suffered, and spoke well to us. He spoke of wands, and
banks, and prisons, and thefts. The Archon told us that he would give us
back the knowledge of transfiguration that we once held, to do things
that even the wizards could not do -- to transfigure for days, not
hours. The will-work of our ancient purpose. The Archon told us we would
be free, too, and masters of our destiny and lives.

``Goblins have honour, and so we told him that we had allied ourselves
with the Tower, and that he had treated us fairly. We told him that he
had given us wands, and that we had been given a seat in the Wizengamot,
and would soon have more, and that we were given all the healing arts in
the Tower's power to give us. We told him that we did not doubt that
wizards were changing, and that the world was changing, and that it
could be different. We told him that, and he told us to weigh up all the
wrongs and all the rights of our long history, and to ask ourselves:
where did the balance lie?''

Bilgurd turned to face his own people now, and it was clear now, for the
first time, that he had never been addressing the village of Godric's
Hollow or the gathered monsters or their dark wizard companions. He was
speaking to his own folk. And he spoke with passion, his voice ringing
clear.

``Goblins have honour, and so we gathered in our Things, and we debated.
We argued over the value of contract and good-will, and we argued over
the very meaning of our lives. We argued over the inheritance we would
leave to our children. We argued over what we might owe to our friends.
And then we decided, and the seven cities took a vote.''

The goblin's voice rose again, and now it was the roar of millenia.

``\emph{Goblins have honour! Goblins of Ackle and Curd! Goblins of
Podhurt and the Freihammer Mons! Goblins of Shikoku and Waimate Wam and
Singurd! The Tower is threatened! His people are in danger! Wizards have
put out their hand to us and --''}

One hundred goblins roared in unison, as bold as iron and fierce as
brass, ``\textbf{We do not forget!}''

They wheeled in place. They turned upon the monsters. They leveled their
spears. And they charged.

\mybreak

\emph{John Snow Center for Medicine and Tower School of Doubt\\
(The Tower)}\\
\emph{Now}\\

The Tower had dissolved into chaos when they found out that Hogwarts was
under attack. In a manner entirely unbecoming to a room full of wise and
experienced leaders, everyone broke away from what they were doing --
sending messages abroad to keep information coming in; coordinating
deployment of aurors and patrol-wizards and anyone else they could find;
working to find a pattern behind it all -- and began shouting. It became
even worse when~\emph{three different wizards}~cast the Amplifying Charm
and tried to cut through the chaos with simultaneous shouts of
``Enough!''

It only stopped when Hermione Granger stomped her foot into the stone
underfoot as hard as she could, smashing into it with a cracking boom.

``Quiet, please,'' she said. She turned to Harry. ``I'm taking everyone
who can hold a wand out there, now.''

``Not everyone,'' said Harry. ``Luna,'' he said, turning to Lovegood,
who somehow still managed to look vague and aloof, ``I need you to get
Basil and Percy's brother. I have a job for the three of you\ldots{} an
incredibly important one.'' He didn't wait for a reply, moving to jab
his finger at ten people in turn. ``All of you -- get to the Records
Room! Each of you grab two drawers and pull them free. The incantation
to release them is `Fuzzy-wuzzy was a seventeen Manila.' Get them out of
the Tower, somewhere safe -- the RCP.''

Harry turned to two aurors, seemingly at random. ``You two. We're
evacuating. Your job is to tell me when everyone is clear.''

The room was silent. Everyone was staring, even those who'd been
assigned a task. Alastor Moody had his eyes clenched, and he was leaning
on the meeting room table. Hermione found her eyes filling with tears.

``Harry, what are you --'' began Madame Bones.

``We're evacuating. Set up what we need in the Great Hall. Everyone who
can -- and all the aurors we have -- go and fight. There's no more
reason to stay. I'm bringing the Tower down. Then I need to consult with
Hermione about something I'm going to do,'' said Harry, and his voice
was as icy as the determination in his green eyes.

``And then,'' he added, as people gaped at him, ``I'm going to the
library. Now~\emph{move!}''

\mybreak

\emph{Outside}\\

Salamander had seen Nguy\makebox[0pt][l]{\raisebox{0.5ex}{˜}}ên die.
She'd simply fallen off of her broom. He didn't know why. Maybe she'd
passed out, or maybe something had hit her. But he'd watched her wobble
in her seat mid-flight and fall, dropping in amongst the Muggles. She
was dead.

Some of the students had fainted. Others were levitating professors or
aurors up the stairs -- others, too tired even to do that, were just
dragging the fallen, physically.

Every lost combatant was a disaster.

There was only one layer of wards left. Salamander stood behind it,
flanked by twenty others. Three fliers were left, reduced to weak curses
and hexes. Everyone did what they could for as long as they could. They
all fought as though it were the end of the world. Perhaps it was.

``\emph{Somnium! Somnium! Inflagrate! Phlogisticate! Phlogisticate!''}

\emph{``Phlogisticate! Somnium! Ventus! Ventus! Prismatis!''}

\emph{``Stupefy! Stupefy! Stupefy! Stupefy!''}

\emph{``Somnium! Somnium! Prismatis!''}

They fell back. They were a tight knot of magic at the base of the
stairs. Muggles smashed their weapons against Prismatic Shields.
Salamander sustained his with his will. He had no magic left. He fed his
spell with his life.

There was a shadow, he thought dully, as a Muggle brought a sledgehammer
down on his shield. A shadow.

\emph{The Declaration of Intent}~was aloft, rising slowly from where it
had rested near the greenhouses and floating towards them.

Another Muggle was beating on his shield with a pipe. It was an old man,
Salamander saw. Thin-faced. Dressed in torn pants, with no shirt over
his shrunken chest. Salamander blew him apart with a shower of gore.
Thousands of Muggles dead. Always more.

Down the slope, Salamander watched the Returned charge. He'd seen them
spend all of the charges from their gauntlets and cast spell after spell
into the endless flow of Muggles. Now he supposed their magic was gone.

They swept into the side of the crowd of Muggles like a knife, leaning
down from their brooms to smash their gauntlets into the heads of their
targets. Then they pulled up -- one broom short, Salamander couldn't see
who. They flew in a tight circle, then did it again. And again.

An auror's shield gave. She died a moment later as three Muggles buried
knives into her chest and stomach.

Salamander knew he should clear some space to move back, to maneuver.

If he dropped his shield, he wouldn't be able to cast it again.

He stayed.

He held on.

\emph{The Declaration of Intent}~was flying over them now, a squat
fortress of stone gently soaring overhead.

\emph{Oh}, Salamander thought, as his vision went black. \emph{That's
where the boy went}.

\mybreak

When~\emph{The Declaration of Intent}~came crushing down on the entry
stairs of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, it pressed into
the rock, sending a shudder through the earth. It rose and fell again,
and then again, deliberately and grandly. Three times it smashed itself
into the stairs before it ruptured, exploding into a small mountain of
shattered stone.

People died. Nicomedius Salamander was among them. So too were many,
many innocent people, kidnapped and enslaved and whisked far away, to
die in a war beyond their understanding.

So too were Lawrence Bradwian and Annabeth Dankesang.

\mybreak

Hogwarts endured.

\mybreak

The Unseelie arrived first, borne by flaming chariots. They found
interest in the ruined bodies that littered Hogsmeade, strewn here and
there, battered into meat. The horror-gaunts gave their strange cry of
amusement, driving lejis before them, as they turned towards the castle
of Hogwarts.

Dark witches and wizards followed, and almost all of them kept a
distance born of stark terror from the Unseelie. Only two moved without
fear ahead of their fearful compatriots. One trotted along with mincing
step of madness. The other trudged with the hateful step of despair.
Bellatrix Black and Limpel Tineagar made an odd pairing.

Perenelle du Marais brought basilisks and terrasque with her. She did
not bother to hood the great serpents, paying their gaze no mind. The
full-figured witch in her green dress walked among them towards the
killing fields, and seemed lost in her own thoughts.

One individual came last, unheralded and unarmed, clad only in plain
robes of grey, bringing no one and nothing with them.

From everywhere, the armies came to Hogwarts.
